Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Antidepressant options while on tamoxifen and Zoladex?
Author: earlgreylover44
Score: 7
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hto19d/antidepressant_options_while_on_tamoxifen_and/

Hello,

I was diagnosed with stage 2A invasive lobular carcinoma in September 2023. That November I had a double mastectomy, and in December started treatment to be prevent recurrence: tamoxifen daily, and Zoladex injections every three months. I'm 50 years old. 

I've struggled with depression for a good chunk of my life, and had been on and off Citalopram (10mg) for about 10 years. When I started the cancer medications noted above, I stopped taking the Citalopram, because I didn't want to be on several medications.

Well, a few months later (Feb 2024)I was back to my usual depressed self, so I checked in with my doctor, started back on Citalopram, and made an appointment for a follow up in six weeks. Went I went in for the follow up appointment, I was feeling much better mentally, but an EKG came back with an abnormality... bigeminy (which if I understand right, is an extra heartbeat that shows up every now and then). 

Out of caution, we thought it best to discontinue the Citalopram. I them went to a cardiologist, who started me on a beta blocker, but otherwise wasn't terribly concerned.

Anyway, I write today because I've been trying to tough it out not being on an antidepressant, but I don't think I can do it anymore. I'm sad, I'm negative, sometimes i come home from work and all I want to do is nothing, so I lay in bed, awake. I have grown children who don't require much from me, but also a six year old and a partner who I wish I could give more time to. I'm just either tired, down, or mentally drained. 

Today my partner threw out the idea of going on a two week camping trip next spring. (Every year we've gone on a one week trip ..we even did last year, though it wasn't as intense as previous trips...since I'd had a double mastectomy and was still healing). 

When he proposed the trip today, and also noted it would be good to start preparing, getting in shape, I replied with my usual "depressed person" answer..."I'm just hoping I'll be alive by then." (Some days I truly feel this way...my body feels like it's aged so much in a year, and some days I'm too tired to do much). And then he got on my case about needing to be willing/open to get help from others. I know he's right, but at the same time I just do not have the mental capacity to do much beyond work and regular house/life responsibilities. 

I don't want to live this way. I wish I could get by without antidepressants, but whenever I try, I hit rock bottom, every time. 

So, here's the question... anyone else out there on tamoxifen and Zoladex (or something similar), that also takes an antidepressant that doesn't affect your heart?

Thank you for any insight!