Subreddit: OnePiece
Title: The Jaguars
Author: Scorpios94
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 04:03:41
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/OnePiece/comments/1i72j1a/the_jaguars/

As fully revealed, Jaguar D. Saul is alive. Its been heavily hinted that it would be Usopp's arc in him becoming a brave warrior of the sea. But with Saul alive and reconnecting with Robin, it's definitely going to be a major arc for her as well.

But one major thing that stuck to me way back when was that Saul doesn’t really like or agree with the Elbaf Giants practices. He even makes mention that he is not a Elbaf Giant but born in the South Blue. Not to mention, he hails from the D. Clan. This may just be speculation, but there could be a possibility of another crew member; another D. I’m not suggesting that it’ll be Saul, but possibly a member of his family. If he does come from a different breed of giants, it wouldn’t be out of possibility for it to occur. 

Or if this hypothetical family member is a unique giant hybrid of sorts. The Bucaneers have been stated to be something of an offshoot of the Giants (admittedly, I may be misunderstanding that.) We due know of the Wotan; species between giants and fish-men. The name Wotan may come from the Norse legend of Jotunn, and coincidentally, "Wotan" is a Germanic variant of the name of the Norse God Odin. The only other half-Giant person we know of is the young giant child Colon. Hell, there could be other potential giant hybrids that could appear that we don't know about.

While it's already been speculated that Loki will become a member of the Straw Hats and that he'll be recruited by Usopp, I'm currently not sure about that. Mostly because we still have no idea about Loki's actual character beyond what is being said about him. It'll be more fitting that Robin recruits this hypothetical member as it will tie to her getting a significant amount of closure and moving forward while connected to a part of her past.

I know it's pure speculation but what're your thoughts? Please comment respectfully.