Subreddit: wallstreetbets
Title: LUNR DD for Non-degenerates
Author: vwin90
Score: 193
Created UTC: 2025-01-21 19:03:37
URL: https://www.reddit.com/gallery/1i6qbiv

LUNR DD for non-degenerates

Tl;Dr: LUNR will be volatile, but will just keep slowly rising over the next decade as space missions to the moon materialize and LUNR will be one of the main companies allowing it to happen.

LUNR caught my attention last spring during that moon landing that “failed” resulting in a spectacular dump despite officials saying that the mission was a success. Sure it tipped over and it would have been nice if it didn’t, but the purpose of that launch was just to set a benchmark for landing stuff on the moon since we haven’t done in in decades. However, I did not invest then and only started tracking it.

I opened my first positions in the summer when I saw the RSI dip to literally 10 on all of the time frames, suggesting that it was heavily oversold, but as I looked into the company more and more, it seems obvious that it’s a long term winner.

You know how all of you unemployed folk keep wondering why you can’t get jobs or how all of you working at the bottom of the totem pole at work keep wondering why you’re not getting the promotions over the guys that do nothing all day but kiss ass and play golf? It’s because in the real world, the awards go to those who are friends with the people at the top.

The way these lunar contracts go is that NASA has a set amount of money to award to private contractors to build components and equipment for the moon missions (Artemis, which is an extensive follow up to Apollo and will culminate in a moon base for operations further into space). NASA doesn’t want to build everything themselves so think of these contracts as contests. Each contest is for building something new: for example, whoever builds the best rover gets to be the official nasa rover. Different companies, such as LUNR invest time and effort to building these things and then NASA selects a company out of many to win the contract, which then pays the company for their efforts and potentially puts them in favor for winning additional contracts if they prove to be a reliable company to work with.

Guess what? The LUNR guys are ex NASA. Honestly you can probably stop reading the DD here. That’s all you really need to be convinced that LUNR will win more contracts than the rest of the competition. The run from $3 to $8 was the winning of major contracts that were up in the air. The growth since then has been because they are now looking more and more likely to just become a major major partner moving forward, not just a company that won a few contracts. LUNR is going to be on e of the closest things to investing in NASA itself.

Now the major downside up until VERY RECENTLY was “so what? Government contracts? How much money can that possibly be? What if that government funding goes away?”

Regardless of how you feel about Trump and the incoming administration, his just delivered an inauguration speech where among many things, he announced that we will be prioritizing an expansion into outer space, colonizing mars eventually. The Artemis mission on the moon is the first steps to doing so, as launching from the moon or having bases either in orbit of the moon or on the moon will make missions to mars much easier due to the lower gravity. This has been NASA’s plan to mars from the start. Not only is the government funding for these moon plays not going to dry up, there’s a big chance that they’ll expand.

The best part is that this isn’t just a short term play. In the short term, the stock is very volatile so there’s plenty of money to be made buying calls when it pulls back, but this is a huge long term play as well. The Artemis missions will last more than a decade. Our presence in space will just continue and with other nations like China joining the space race, we’re going to see a renaissance of space interest again as NASA finally delivers on all its moon mission goals, and LUNR is going to be one of the major players that are getting money hand over fist to enable it.

SHOULD YOU BUY NOW that it’s already up so much? Honestly it’s up to you. It’s easier for me because I bought when it was $3 back when everyone downvoted LUNR posts claiming that it was just bag holders posting (which was probably true). Even if you lose money in the short term, this stock will eventually keep hitting all time highs year after year, even if there are violent dips in the meantime, so play options with care. Think of it as an extremely jagged stairway up.

What I would do if I were someone who hasn’t started a position: sell a ton of your other stocks. Buy SHARES with a big chunk of your portfolio. Take a small portion of your portfolio and plan on buying calls for a couple months out every time the RSI on the hourly chart hits 30 and sell a week or so after it hits 70 because it always seems to run for about a week straight before consolidating. Plan on holding those shares for years and sell for long term capital gain.

Because I’m an idiot, I sold covered calls on my shares and had I not, I’d be up 300k now, which is a big deal since that’s triple my salary.

My positions:

12000 shares at $3.65 cost basis
30 sold covered calls at 22.5c for Jan 2026 (RIP - I sold these when it was at 12)
30 sold covered calls at 25c for Jan 2026 (I expect to get exercised on these as well and I regret selling these when it was 15)
90 sold covered calls at 30c for Jan 2027 (the fact that I’m also nervous about this means that I expect it to potentially rise to this level by then as well)
25x 18c for 3/21 (I’m always putting in 10k into short term calls on dips and selling like I described above. When I sell these in a few weeks, I’ll just keep rebuying new calls on dips.)



You might be thinking “I don’t have the patience to 1.5x to 2x my account over the time frame of a year or more.”

Okay. I guess you could lose half your inheritance in a single day instead.

