Subreddit: thedavidpakmanshow
Title: Poll Watchers?
Author: tartanthing
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2020-12-01 05:49:05
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/thedavidpakmanshow/comments/k4evrx/poll_watchers/

Hey all,

Got a question about Poll Watchers. How do they work in the US elections?

In the UK at an election, the local council organises the vote count. Each political party is allocated a fixed amount of observers per candidate. I've been both an observer and an Election Agent, so here's how it breaks down for people allowed at the count for a party candidate:

Candidate, Candidates Guest (usually Partner), Election Agent and then 15 Observers. This applies to all parties equally. All 18 have to provide home addresses in a single form to the Returning Officers Office. Substitutions are allowed but only on notification to the Returning Officer at the count and they are not permitted entry until approved. There are also independent Observers. Observers then tally votes as each box is counted. a Box contains votes from a set Polling Place which covers a set of Postcodes.  Counting staff are separated from Party observers by 4-6 feet with rope barriers. The Party Observers are not allowed to interact with Counting Staff and Observers have sheets which they mark votes down. This gives the candidate and election agent an idea of how the vote is going before an official announcement. Only Election Agents can challenge the count supervisor if one of their observers sees some anomaly on a vote, eg 2 marks, illegible etc. These can be checked on the spot. All disputed or questionable ballots are held and the Election Agent and Candidate of all parties contesting that seat are invited to verify, discard or accept a challenged vote as a group at the end of the major count. This is often a very small number which would not effect the outcome anyway. The count is then verified and declared. In most examples seats are verified and declared within 8 hours of polls closing.  


As an overall example In Glasgow, we have 7 UK Parliamentary seats. The count for all 7 is carried out at a large stadium simultaneously, the Council employed counters will only count 1 seat, usually 3 counters per Ballot Box, (My local Constituency has 65 Ballot Boxes) and are only released after verification by the Returning Officer (person in charge of a count).  Results are declared after verification for each seat.

I'm curious to know how Observers are chosen and allocated in the US. I am guessing it will be different for different states, but surely there is some limitations and equality in numbers allowed?

Grateful for any answers, u/davidpakman has been mentioning Observers or stories including them a lot recently, and it seems rather chaotic in the US as an outsider.

Cheers!