Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITAH for calling out my grandma?
Author: Proseccowitbitches
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 08:34:24
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i76o8b/aitah_for_calling_out_my_grandma/

Throw away because my family has Reddit.

My father died suddenly at the tail end of November which caused a flurry of chaos trying to get my military brother home on such short notice. Since he came on such short notice, he didn’t pack his dress uniform for the funeral. It took a full day of travel to buy him a new one but he needed it tailored. Our grandmother said she knew a tailor so he went to her and the uniform came back the day before the funeral, but done wrong. Patches that were supposed to be sewn on were glued on. Brand new shirt, ruined. We’re understandably angry and frantic as we try to figure out what to do while my grandmother scurries away as if she were a kicked puppy.

We barely had time to get a new shirt from a military surplus store and hand sew the glue covered patches in place. Thankfully the patches weren’t ruined as those would have been even harder to find. Funeral happens, my brother goes back over seas, and we didn’t hear a single word from my grandmother who had supposedly been very upset about my father’s death.

Christmas Eve, roughly two weeks after the funeral and everything else. I haven’t been able to function because I am so heart broken. Normally on Christmas Eve we go out to celebrate with family one town over. My mother stayed in town with me to be my support. But neither of us told the family we weren’t coming out. We didn’t hear a word from my grandmother, aunts, or cousins.

In a fit of upset and hurt, I texted my grandma a few messages about how my brother and I survived our father’s full military honors funeral, getting my brothers uniform fixed, getting him back to his duty station, and how we wouldn’t be coming out to Christmas. How I’m hurt she didn’t check in with us about anything. And some sarcastic “thanks for asking” tacked on at the end.

The next morning she texts back ignored essentially everything I messaged her and replied saying she would reimburse my brother for his uniform. Didn’t say anything about missing us at Christmas or asking how we’re coping or any form of support which is what I wanted and needed. I messaged back telling her that she missed the point. All she kept saying was stuff about my brother uniform and then suddenly talking about how she felt like a failure after I told her “I’m hurting and you don’t seem to care.”

For more context, this isn’t the first time she has bailed when my immediately family was going through some rough times. Last year my mother’s husband died and she essentially didn’t same thing of dismiss my mother’s heartbreak and treated her like a child with a broke toy rather than a woman who lost her husband of twenty years.

It has started getting around the family and everyone has opinions on it. And a lot saying I should apologize to keep the peace. It’s got my second guessing even saying anything to begin with. I don’t know where else to turn for advice. 