Subreddit: OnePiece
Title: Head canon time
Author: No-Mongoose-5671
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 02:32:46
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/OnePiece/comments/1i70kin/head_canon_time/

The new generation have different slang and it makes jinbe feel old brook learned a lot of slang during time skip so he doesn’t have the issue but is still baffled 


Usopp has the sogeking mask he gave him and he’s going to sell it one day. With help from Nami or just give it to someone he thinks deserves it.

Brook can see the dead and talks to them some time. It’s usually close family with the crew.

Chopper isn’t allowed in the kitchen sometimes because he shed ALOT and it gets in the food.

Many people asked brook to do rock/ heavy metal songs because he’s a skeleton so he has done many but he prefers pop

Franky added a secret fridge for the crew except for Luffy only in a room where he sprays a vegetable smell around it

Nami use her climatact to help with the garden

Robin usopp and Luffy go bug collecting whenever going to an island robin usually talks about the species

Sanji dyed his hair to impress girls around the baratie when he was a teen. Zed to may pics and made sure sanji was embarrassed after getting over it

Franky before joining build some hangout places at water 7 for kids to play at and he still does it make a little hut or a playground for them going above and beyond for the young one


The sunny/merry was field with bugs like flies bed bugs cockroaches at certain points because of luffy filth zoro smell and usopp plants/bug stuff. So they have to cleanse the boys with Zeus and Nami and kill the bugs with sanji and brook.


Franky made the fish tank soundproof for jinbe to sleep in peace and quiet.


The whole ship has nightlights and led lights so they won’t have nightmare from their ptsd.

Similar to koala in the revolutionary Nami talks to jinbe about the fishman and arlong past and their culture to learn more.


Zoro eats a lot like Luffy to burn a lot of calories because he’s usually training sleeping or drinking 

Nami brook and usopp practice using combo moves with each other since they’re somewhat physically weak against others and depending on the powers the weapon helps them use.




