Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITA for arguing about someone getting into my shit?
Author: puffindatza
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 02:19:57
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i70b8n/aita_for_arguing_about_someone_getting_into_my/

This has been going on for a while, about 3-4 months and shit disappears then pops back up. I suspect it’s my aunts bf and I’ll explain why

We became homeless in August, but family let us stay until we got back on our feet. We stayed for 3 months, and it wasn’t a great time

Our stuff was stored at a specific area, and my aunt and her bf slept in this area since it was generally more private.

First, I noticed someone went through my stuff. My ex gfs panties were there but misplaced, I’ll
Give the benefit of the doubt but it’s already raising suspicions due to the proximity and privacy

In October, I was looking for a console power plug. Could not find it, which is odd because were organized. Throughout the entire thing we had this  power plug.. and randomly it’s gone?

We find a place in November and settle down.. I open that same box where I had my stuff in. To unpack, and at the top is an extension cord which belonged to my aunts bf. So now
I have confirmation he was in my shit

I gave it back, but again. I kept quiet, brought the issue with my grandmother and despite her defending him she agreed to talk to him about it

Days later, I check my box again and magically. Sitting at the very top was that console power plug we were looking for two weeks ago

Okay, so someone is definitely going through my shit. 

After finding my hairbrush which I keep in my personal belongings in an entirely new bathroom, I kind of blew up. First I asked around, no one seen the brush. So far as far as know the brush walked out of my shit into that bathroom.. they accused my younger brother which my younger brother has his own brush, and he wouldn’t lie about using my shit. We share lots of things already

I feel gaslit, and I was upset that my own mother and grandmother didn’t defend me. Immediately went to defending him, and my mom yelled at me and told me to be a man and say something, so I did.

I tried being peaceful, but okay. So
I confronted him

All I said was that, someone’s been going through my shit and I would appreciate it if, he saw anything that wasn’t his. If he could leave it alone, he didn’t respond but immediately called my grandmother which then got them berating me

It seems like he’s trying to play games, he’s made jokes to my brother about being in my shit in the past so I feel like he’s fucking with me

He spent 10 years in prison, and obviously stealing in prison is a big no no, so I feel as if it’s a bit on purpose and I’m taking it personally bc of that.

TLDR; noticed someone kept going into my stuff, confronted who I thought it was and I’m being berated by family.

Edit: idc about the items, it’s the fact that this man is going through my personal belongings when no one’s home. He’s the only one who stays home alone 