Subreddit: AITAH
Title: Update: Aita for not wanting to change my religion in order to marry my boyfriend
Author: elaborate_it
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 08:30:12
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i76mbg/update_aita_for_not_wanting_to_change_my_religion/

Hello!
So first I should clarify few things 
My boyfriend is Muslim. And I found out about his religion when I was one month into the relationship coz his name is very Christian (ex. Kyle Davis, not real name) so I assumed he is christian nd he didn't ask mine. Nd even after knowing I had no problem with that.

Second, there is no concept of conversion in Hinduism, this concept is a social construct rather than religious. 
And even if it was mandatory I wouldn't have asked him to change, coz I loved him for who he was and I was willing to accept him like that, but anyways coming to the update.

So before posting here I sent him this text,

"Can't u convince ur mum 😅

Like u'll always follow ur religion nd me mine, I'll never come between ur religion 
We can embrace each other's beliefs together.
Many doo

Like we have been together for around 2.5 years
Even tho we're in long distance, but like we know how the other person lives their life, nd it was never an issue for us"

To which he replied that his mother won't say yes because in islam the wife should be muslim when marrying her, otherwise the marriage isn't even valid.
 
After he said that I asked him that his mother knew about his exs and knew about me as well since the start, then why did she bring this topic after one year of us dating. And if he knew that this is gonna happen.

His answer was he knew his mother wants a muslim daughter in law, and all his exs were ready to convert so he thought it wouldn't be a big deal to me.

Listening this I was really upset nd said I feel betrayed by this, as I thought it was a shock for him as well, when his mom made this wish.
To which he said it was a shock for him, coz all his exs agreed to this request, nd he never saw this side of hers (so adamant for the religion even after convincing)

Well, after that there was nothing to talk about so we ended it. I haven't blocked him yet, but this time I'm moving on for sure, coz he hid this thing from me.

I still feel I can give him a chance if he stands up for me nd makes me his priority, but it's very unlikely. 

I'm not gonna regret anything tho, it was nice meeting him, sharing memories nd growing together. I'll see it as a beautiful chapter of my life.

And also I know he is at fault here just like his mother, but I don't want anyone to say bad things about him, coz he is a sweet guy afterall. His priority is his mother, so it's okay, I don't wanna force him into ruining his relationship with his family, it should be his decision to choose me.

So yes he is my ex now and I'll be focusing on my life.

Nd thank you for your comments, it gave me a different perspective to look at.