Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITA for Going No Contact with My Family After Years of Emotional Abuse?
Author: EvaWhirlwind
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 07:35:01
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i75w84/aita_for_going_no_contact_with_my_family_after/

Hi Reddit, throwaway account because I’m still processing this.

I (27F) grew up in a very toxic household. My parents always favored my younger brother (25M). It wasn’t subtle either—he got expensive gifts, all the attention, and tons of praise for the bare minimum. Meanwhile, I was constantly criticized, blamed for everything, and treated as the family scapegoat.

One example: when I got straight A’s in high school, my parents shrugged and said, “Well, that’s what you’re supposed to do.” But when my brother barely passed his classes, they threw him a big party because he “tried his best.”

The emotional abuse ramped up when I went to college. I worked two part-time jobs to support myself because they refused to help with tuition. My brother, on the other hand, got his full college expenses paid, plus a new car.

I tried confronting them about the favoritism over the years, but every time, they gaslit me—saying I was “too sensitive” or imagining things. At one point, my mom even told me, “You’re the oldest. You should know life isn’t fair.”

A breaking point came last month when I visited home for the holidays. My mom made a nasty comment about how I was “still single and wasting my potential,” while praising my brother for proposing to his girlfriend (with a ring my parents helped pay for). When I tried to stand up for myself, she accused me of ruining Christmas and called me ungrateful.

After that, I decided enough was enough. I told them I was going no contact for my mental health. Since then, they’ve been blowing up my phone with guilt trips, saying I’m “abandoning my family” and “breaking my mom’s heart.”

Even my brother chimed in, saying, “They’re not perfect, but they’re our parents. You’re being dramatic.” A few mutual relatives are also saying I’m overreacting and should just forgive and forget because “family is family.”

I feel guilty, but at the same time, I’ve never felt freer. AITA for cutting ties to protect my peace, even if it means leaving my family behind?