Subreddit: Helldivers
Title: Helldivers movie shower thought: what if the movie is from the perspective of the Democracy Officer?
Author: infintietempest
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 09:06:38
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/Helldivers/comments/1i773fc/helldivers_movie_shower_thought_what_if_the_movie/

The movie starts out with the introduction democracy officer, an actual veteran helldiver from the 1st galactic war. He is now promoted to his position due to his devotion and one of rare divers that survived the 1st war. The second galaxtic war begins and the officer is estatic to do his job near the hellpod area. He always greets his fellow divers with absolute respect, pep talk them, gives them tips and strategies, and some messages like how he does in game (lmao). As the movie goes on, we see many helldiver squads dying. Everytime he greets a new squad and see them KIA on the super destroyer (body cameras) he slowly becomes more and more depressed, he even starts to have questions in his mind (gasp). We see him converse with the characters on the destroyer, the engineer lady, the Eagle-1, Pelican-1, and ship master about Super Earth, the war, and morality (discreetly).
One day, in the middle of observing a mission, the Truth Enforcers arrived to see him. Someone ratted on him. The main enforcer in white armor, while zealotous, respects the old helldiver as they too were 1 war vets. They warn him that if he ever questions the morality of Super Earth again, they will end him. The officer understands and he goes back to observing the divers doing a mission on the current planet. Suddenly, the ship was struck down by an automaton orbital cannon, the ships crash lands on to the planet. He and a number of crew members survive and now must fight to survive. A crew member manages to locate a civilian hideout where a bunch of citizens were also hiding and waiting to be extracted. They get inside the hideout and this the part of the movie where there will be conflict between ordinary citizens, Super Citizens, and political figures in a fearsome debate of who gets leave first when help arrives.

Days goes by and moral is in the dirt and bots are trying to get inside the hideout. Help does arrive a squad of helldivers doing the evacuation and fighting off the bots (The officer ofcourse assists the divers).

The movie ends with him either dying or surviving. Either way, in the end, his whole experience reminded him one thing: he was a Helldiver through and through. He was were he belonged.