Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITA for being angry about gifts?
Author: Xayton
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 06:44:30
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i756nn/aita_for_being_angry_about_gifts/

Little background context. My dad and I have had an iffy relationship for years.  This past March I moved back in with my dad after leaving my ex of 10 years. I was in an abusive relationship, short notice, only option I had. The start of December I lost my job so I am struggling badly.

I digress.  This past Christmas my dad got all of his friends gifts of some kind.  Specifically though he spent $450 on himself for a guitar because he wants to learn to play and he also spent about $1400 on a diamond he had custom set in a necklace to give to his "friend" who is a 32 year old female.  For context I'm his son and 34.

I he didn't get me anything and even went so far to tell me to go fuck myself when I asked for $20 do I could get cat food  because my cat hadn't eaten in two days.

I have remained relatively quite about this until the other night when I got drunk with friends and confronted him about it.

I basically told him that is insanely fucked up he is willing to spend that kind of money in a girl younger then me and the fact he did is insanely hurtful to me especially when he did nothing for me for Christmas at all and refuses to help me in any way.  For the record I next to never ask for help from people and when people offer help I genuinely get uncomfortable.  

He responded by saying how he spends his money isn't my concern. This is ultimately true but doesn't make it any less shitty.

He said that his friends don't see any problem with it.

He said he doesn't understand why I am even angry about this.

Lastly he said something to the effect of "I wouldn't spend $1400 on my son.". At this point I literally left the room before I further lost my composure.

AITA for being extremely upset and hurt my dad spends thousands of dollars on a woman younger then me and refuses to do anything for me at all? 