Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: WIBTA if I didn't carpool with my classmate?
Author: carpoolthrowawayaita
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 02:54:38
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i711mn/wibta_if_i_didnt_carpool_with_my_classmate/

On mobile sorry. Throwaway cuz my main is exclusively for project runway content.

But so I (24f) am in a graduate program that has two locations in the state. One is the main campus is our state capitol, the other is on the other side of the state, its a satellite campus and it has less students and less class offerings each semester.

One of my required classes is only being taught at the main campus this semester and I could have put off taking the class for next semester but this is the only required course for my specific program being taught this semester and I'd rather get my required courses out of the way. And its only like a 2 hour drive once a week, its not bad. 

Someone in one of my classes last semester, we'll call her Lily (40?f) saw on the moodle that I'm taking the class at the main campus and asked if we could carpool. I said maybe because I have family and friends out near that part of the state so I was going to treat this class as an excuse to drive up earlier in the day and see people and go shopping at places I used to love before moving away. 

Then Lily said that she would love if I could drive her because she doesn't have a car so she'd have to take the commuter rail every week if I don't drive her. Again, I said maybe because I hadn't figured out what I'm doing coz honestly the class is on Mondays, I was even planning on driving up on Sundays to stay with friends and family or stay until Tuesdays to see people because I very rarely get out to that part of the state. And also when she first asked I assumed she meant carpooling like we'd switch off driving, like one week she'll drive, next week I drive, but I find it a bit rude she just wants me to haul her 2 and a half hours away.

Especially because I don't know her very well nor do I like her. We took a critical theory class together last semester and from what I gathered from class discussions is that we have very different political views and thoughts on the world and I don't want to be stuck in a car with her for like 5 hours a week because then I'd have to talk to her. And also I'm a nervous driver, especially going on the highway, especially driving into the city, double especially with people I don't know well in my car because I feel like I can't do what will calm me down if there's vague strangers in my car (I love to listen to music and scream while I drive, its like primal scream therapy but in my car and soundtracked by the front bottoms).

Anyways, long story short, I don't want to drive Lily to class because 1.) I like my me time. 2.) I don't know her well enough to spend that much time with her. 3.) It would stress me out. But I think those are selfish and rude reasons and I'd be subjecting her to the commuter rail every week. 

So WIBTA if I didn't carpool with my classmate?