Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITA for not sharing my sparkling water with the family?
Author: DonCarlosSmith
Score: 12
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 04:11:20
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i72o7n/aita_for_not_sharing_my_sparkling_water_with_the/

Early on in our marriage I shared with my wife how my parents would buy treats and not share them with us kids. We were dirt poor to the point of going hungry, and sometimes they would buy things like ice cream or Fritos or something like that and it was hands-off for the kids. 

So now here we are with four kids of our own. We are not poor, but we are not rich. We have an overstocked snack cupboard and the kids don't want for anything. They are free to get snacks as they want. We rarely deny them what they ask for. When we have a treat everyone gets it. 

I really enjoy sitting down and drinking a cold sparkling water. Like a Bubly or a La Croix etc. It calms me down. My therapist even recommended it as a way to restart. The thing is the kids also love sparkling water so when we buy a 12 pack, it is gone in less than two days. Sure I've had a couple, but when I want one again, they are all gone. Sometimes we will go crazy and buy a couple Costco packs which just means that everyone drinks them at double the rate, and when I want one they are once again gone. Even if I expected there to be some. 

I don't think it's a wise budget move for everyone in the family to constantly be drinking sparkling water, especially when we are trying to save money, but I want one when I want one. My wife and kids think this is selfish and my wife will remind me what I told her about my own family.  I want to be able to enjoy a sparkling water when I want, without the fear of them being gone. Sometimes I will hide a couple in the fridge and be extra upset when I discover they are gone. Shouldn't I at age 44 be allowed to have something of my own like sparkling water!?

I've considered buying my own mini-fridge, but that seems ridiculous, and it's not cost or energy effective and how would that be different? I've asked my family to help me resolve this and they just think I'm being selfish and should just go without sparkling water when everyone else goes without, and have some when everyone else is having some. 

AITA? 