Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITAH? Boyfriend went to strip club, a year later I'm not over it and he says it's my problem now
Author: Desperate-Adagio8910
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 08:56:55
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i76yl0/aitah_boyfriend_went_to_strip_club_a_year_later/

My boyfriend & I have been together for 4 years, he is very kind, loving and supportive. Overall I'd say we are perfect for eachother. About a year ago, his brother invited him to join he and his buddies for a birthday weekend trip. The trip was supposed to be innocent, axe throwing, bowling type things. I knew the particular area they'd be visiting happens to have a strip club. (I know about it because my cousin is one of the strippers there). My boyfriend knows my views on strip clubs, he knows I personally feel like going to them is cheating. I had a long serious talk with him before leaving about his intentions, I told him I was worried about his brother & buddies pressuring him to go to the club. He assured me and promised me he absolutely would not go & he'd keep me updated so I didn't have to worry. The day of his trip arrives, he's keeping in contact all day, "babe I love you, were going to get lunch. Baby I love you, we are heading to an axe throwing place... excetera" Keep in mind this is normal for us, our whole relationship we text all day every day. But this particular day at some point the communication comes to a crashing hault. No texts, my texts remain unopened. I attempted to call a few times with no answer but I told myself to give him the benefit of a doubt, maybe his phone has died. 3 hours go by...this is really not like him, I start to worry they maybe got into an accident. Finally 8pm hits and I get a text saying "hey" I say "baby whats going on are you ok? I've been worried." He says "we are at the strip club" I try calling him, no answer... he texts "I'm outside" I ask "can you please call me? I'm having anxiety" he says "I love you but I'm so drunk I need sleep I'm just going to pass out" I keep calling, finally he answers a video call. He's sitting in a vehicle, visibly extremely intoxicated. Slurring words, slumping down. He manages to explain he didn't want to go in, they pressured him and he gave in. He said he was already drunk before arrival, that he'd had drinks at the axe throwing place. He claims, one of the friends paid for him to go in and he claims he walked in, sat down, instantly felt extreme guilt, and said "it literally felt like I was in the middle of a disgusting hell and I felt sick" and he says he walked out and got in the car. He says he didn't toss any money on stage, he didn't communicate with anyone and he didnt buy anything. I tell him I'm very hurt, but I appreciate his honesty and I love him and ask if he can stay on the phone. He says "no I'm too tired I am gonna nap in the car" I ask him to leave me on the call while he naps, he hangs up. He was sitting behind the wheel of a running vehicle, so I instantly panick. I text his brother who I know is still in the club and I ask him to go take the keys away from him if he's going to be out there alone. After sending the text I try calling again, he answers. While on the video call, he says "oh my brother is coming to talk to me I gotta go, I ask why I can't stay on the call while they talk? I say I sent him to check on you." He hangs up... 6 minutes later, he calls back and says they begged him to come back inside but he refused. Then he tells me he's going back to sleep. He hangs up... I don't hear back from him until the next day. He's full of apologies, he swears nothing happened but then he tells me one of the friends stayed behind to have sex with one of the strippers. Now, this whole situation is very out of character for him, he's not this kind of guy. We were friends for 5 years before even getting into a relationship and I saw what went on with his other relationships and he was nothing but loyal and literally textbook definition of prince charming. So when this whole thing happened it caught me very much off guard. I felt betrayed, I wondered if he also had sex with a stripper like his friend, considering the 3 hours of radio silence, then disappearing for the whole night and only reappearing the next day. But he swears nothing happened. Now fast forward, it is one year later. I am still in very much pain over the situation, I have tried my very best to forgive him and try to work through things. We are amazing together, and very happy in general. But each time I see a stripper scene in a movie or something it instantly jolts me and I again remember that all too painful feeling of my heart dropping through my stomach. About once every 2 to 3 months I talk to him about it, I express that it still hurts and I look for comfort and reassurance. He gets agitated with the whole topic but usually he's understanding and kind and comforts me by talking with me. Well tonight, I was particularly burdened with the worry about it. And I blatantly asked, did anything happen that night? I feel like you don't want to hurt me so you've committed to a story and I'd honestly just rather know the truth. He seems annoyed and very shortly tells me "no for the thousandth time nothing happened." I try to tell him, I understand it's probably annoying for me to bring up again, but you've got to understand this is a traumatic thing for me and I'm trying to work through it so talking to you about it always helps make me feel better about the situation. He continues being snippy and giving short responses, and I ask why he's being so irritable and he says it's because I won't let it go. I explained I am trying to let it go, but you gotta understand I personally feel like strip clubs are cheating, I told you that before you went so you walked in there knowing how I would look at the situation. So I feel I'm being pretty good about the situation considering, I didn't leave. I am not fighting with you I'm just trying to talk it out. And he goes on to very firmly tell me "it's been a year, you need to get over it already". I tell him "I didn't ask for this situation, you disregarded my boundaries and went to the club knowing I see it as a form of cheating. Why do you think it's fair to tell me when and how I have to heal from that wound? If it still hurts it still hurts, I can't shut my feelings off like a switch. You caused this, I am working very hard to work through it and if this relationship is important to you then you at least owe me comfort and reassurance when I come to you seeking warmth. If you don't care to help me through it why should I be trying so hard to fix this when I didnt even do the damage in the first place? All I'm doing is trying to pick up the pieces." Then he tells me "What I did was wrong, I apologized and I've tried to fix it but a year is long enough at this point jts toxic and I'm done talking about it so if you still have a problem its on you. And you need to get back on your meds, this is all in your head your just over thinking." Bit of info, I have always had issues with ruminating, just over thinking every situation and having anxiety because of it. So I was on medication for anxiety for a few years but the last year I haven't been on them, I know that I probably think about this more than I should but I am only human. Now his brothers wedding is coming up and he promised me he won't be attending the bachelor party because he cares about me and my comfort is more important to him than going. My main question is, does it seem like something more went on that night at the strip club? Or am I crazy? If I knew something happened I would leave, part of me thinks he's keeping that info to himself so I stay. And am I wrong for asking for reassurance? Or is he right, do I just need to get over it and try to stuff down my hurt feelings and not tell him when they resurface and cause me pain? And is he gaslighting me by acting like me feeling pain over this is simply because I need to go back on my meds, I feel he's implying somethings mentally wrong with me rather than accepting blame. I just need an outside opinion, I feel like he is so caught up in his viewpoint that mine means nothing anymore.