Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITAH for obsessively checking tarot cards and astrology about my dating app match?
Author: jackisnotnice123
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 08:19:09
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i76hdn/aitah_for_obsessively_checking_tarot_cards_and/

I (23F) matched with James (28M) on Bumble last August. We really hit it off and went on several amazing dates over the next few months. He was everything I was looking for - smart, funny, and we had incredible chemistry. We became physically intimate around December, but he seemed hesitant about defining the relationship or moving forward.

During this period, I was absolutely smitten and admittedly became a bit obsessed. I started using this spiritual app that offers daily tarot readings and birth chart compatibility analysis. I would check our astrological compatibility almost daily, doing tarot spreads about our relationship future, and even started tracking the moon phases that might affect our connection. I know it sounds intense, but I was just trying to understand where things were heading.

Things actually started looking up - by October, he began showing more interest, texting more frequently, and even introduced me to some of his friends. The cards had been showing promising signs, and our birth charts seemed increasingly aligned according to the app.

Last week, everything fell apart. We were cuddling on his couch watching a movie when my phone lit up with a notification from the spiritual app. He casually picked up my phone to hand it to me (we've done this before), and accidentally saw the notification which showed my latest tarot reading about "J's true feelings." He got curious and before I could stop him, he saw my extensive history of readings all about him, including detailed birth chart analyses and daily tarot spreads focused on our relationship.

James got really quiet and then told me he felt "creeped out" and "stalked." He said it was unsettling that I'd been so intensely analyzing our connection through mystical means without his knowledge. I tried to explain that checking tarot and astrology is just a way to gain insight and clarity, not to control or manipulate anyone.

The thing is, most of my female friends regularly check their compatibility with dates through astrology and tarot from the app like costar and Starry Book even go to see the astrologer offline, and think it's completely normal. But when I mentioned this to some male friends, they agreed with James that it's "obsessive" and "crosses boundaries."

Now things are super awkward between us. He's been distant and takes hours to reply to texts. I really care about him and didn't mean to make him uncomfortable, but I also don't think I did anything wrong by consulting these spiritual tools.

So Reddit, AITAH for checking tarot and astrology about someone I'm dating?

Edit: Some additional context - I never did any binding spells or dark magic, just regular tarot readings and birth chart analyses through an app. Also, all the information I used for his birth chart was stuff he'd shared publicly on his social media.