Subreddit: HonkaiStarRail
Title: Story length isn't an issue
Author: Ok--Focus
Score: 4
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 08:57:03
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/HonkaiStarRail/comments/1i76yn0/story_length_isnt_an_issue/

Hey all, so to start off, I said to myself this time I will NOT rush with the main story and I will play it for as many days as it takes me, little by little, and not in one sitting.

I started it obv on day one (for me it was my birthday 15th of January) and finished it yesterday (21st of January) so 7 days - I played for around 1-2h each day and... I honestly enjoyed everything in it. I didn't feel like it was too long, I even felt excited to play it because finally they made the story >!interactive with both combat AND puzzles!< throughout the whole thing which is an amazing addition to the usual boring 'walk 2 seconds speak to this nps, teleport there and speak with that nps' way of storytelling which was obviously tiring before.

While I was still doing the story, I kept seeing many many people complain that this was a 'yap fest' with all the story being yapping and super long. Yes obv it was longer than previous major updates, but I completely disagree with the 'yap' allegations as every piece of the story was coherent to the plot, and immersive in the world. For me the issues were mainly with the >!what weighs more that the fate of the world!< and what the answer to this was + the part with >!TheHerta felt out of place (which is an issue I see often when the banner character HAS to be included somehow in the story even if it makes little to no sense, like Fugue being in Penacony all of a sudden when her banner released.) And my other issue is with how quickly everyone decides to trust us to become their 'saviours' or helpers when we're literally from beyond the cosmos like come on.!<
Aside from that I think it was told very creatively and was a great update overall (plus the world itself and the music are amazing)

So now for my question: what do you all think of the Amphoreous story so far and how long did it take you to finish it? Do you feel the addition of >!the puzzles and combat was too much or just right? !<
What was something you loved about it and what are the things you didn't like?

tldr: I played the story for 7 days and not in one sitting and it wasn't bad at all. What was your experience?