Subreddit: movies
Title: The opening scene of The Gentlemen (2019) is the perfect example of how you sell a movie in 90 seconds or less.
Author: BackToTheFutureDoc
Score: 42
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 04:32:56
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/1i732gn/the_opening_scene_of_the_gentlemen_2019_is_the/

I can't get over how good this film is. Some will agree and others will disagree, that's movie opinions 101 but I have to talk about it to anyone that will want to listen or read about what I have to say.

Especially that opening scene. It sets the film up superbly and it lasts 90 seconds long before setting off into the intro credits, Guy Ritchie couldn't have chosen a more appropriate song if he tried. It fits just right when you notice that the lyrics and the metaphors are mirrored and shown off in this movie.

We have to remember that this is mostly being told as a "true" story by Fletcher (Hugh Grant) through his eyes and what he knows and the rest he has put together as he is looking to sell it as a script to a film studio but simultaneously looking to blackmail and sell what he knows to the right hand man Raymond Smith (Charlie Hunnam), the right hand man of Mickey Pearson (Matthew McConaughey).

Film begins with Mickey Pearson ordering a pint and a pickled egg, goes to the machine and selects the 'Cumberland Gap' as his song choice, sits down, calls his wife to confirm date night whilst she's at work, the time and place to meet only to overhear someone, Dry Eye (Henry Golding) in the background refusing to leave and fears his wife (Michelle Dockery) is being threatened and in danger, only for a mysterious hidden man appear behind Mickey Pearson at the same time and then we hear a gunshot but don't see the shooting, the blood splatters on to the pint and pickled egg and roll intro credits.

Again all of this happen within the 90 second intro but man oh man that's how you sell it, that's how you draw your audience in. 

An American in a London pub that orders a pint and pickled egg, portrayed by a mainstream leading man, right song choice selected on the machine, mystery man with a gun stood behind the protagonist and he shoots and we see nothing except the blood splatter. And the last thing we do hear before the gun was fired? His wife in danger on the other end of the phone and he couldn't be there. 

So is it a set up, a double cross, how did this main character get killed, who was the guy who killed him and why? You have to watch to find out and how can you not watch after the 'Cumberland Gap' by David Rawlings starts playing? You're in. Roll intro credits. We're in for a good one.

A strong leading cast. No one takes away from anyone, everyone looks strong and the film flows really well.

Hugh Grant was phenomenal in this film, a very different side of him I've never seen before, anyone familiar with the British TV Soap EastEnders will know of the character "Dirty" Den Watts portrayed by the late Leslie Grantham, he reminded me of him so many times with his mannerisms, verbiage and characteristics. I need more leading roles for this man, he clearly has the range, experience, just hope a director will let him or ask him to be the meticulous bargaining selfish comedic but smart villain again. It's exactly what we got here and he almost got away with it after already getting away with it after the Russians were going to attack Raymond and him before Coach made the save.

Matthew McConaughey again deserving leading man in this film as he executed his role perfectly, his love for his wife transcended everything despite throughout the film a theme being the money and business being his first priority. When he exclaims and shouts "MY WIFE!" it's the first and only time we see emotion from him, it's all he ever cared about really.

Charlie Hunnam didn't look out of place, a great right hand man, the wardrobe department deserves a backdated raise because he looked outstanding. Looks posh, well dressed, well spoken, clearly educated but easily got his hands dirty when needed in this business and for his boss. The ideal right hand man. 

The way he was one step ahead of Fletcher the whole time, opening the bottle of alcohol, cooking him a wagyu steak and telling him to take his shoes off when he goes to use the toilet, he didn't get this far with Mickey without reason. Genuinely one of my favourite right hand man portrayals. The way he tries to reason with the teenagers for their phones, the drugs in the apartment before having to use just enough show of power, strength and put fear into them that he is someone not to be messed with or taken lightly.

Throw in Colin Farrell as Coach with the toddlers and his I'm indebted to you role. The 3 strikes was a smart way of letting the audience as well as Raymond know that I'm fulfilling my role and you're running out of favours from me and by the film came to an end, Raymond now owes him a strike, a debt and a favour.

Jeremy Golding was the right person to play Matthew Berger. A backstabbing conniving sleazeball with no care for anyone but himself. It was a joy to see the way his plan fails, falls apart and unravels in front of him when Mickey tells him he owes him 270m for the losses incurred and all transgressions occured, after that he will not sell his business to him as previously agreed and finally on top of that Matthew owes Mickey a literal pound of flesh, from any part of his body but if he is a penny short for the the 270m transaction or a gram shy for the pound of flesh, he will not make it out of that freezer alive.

Jeremy Golding sold it just right when he realises he is screwed, so well that you don't feel sorry for him but you buy his fear and "I'm going to die aren't I?" realisation on his face without him needing to say a word.

The plot twist at the end with the Russians looking to exact revenge on Mickey Pearson for something he didn't even cause or intended when Aslan was accidentally killed in the task to get Laura Pressfield, daughter of one of the lords back, only for the toddlers to accidentally save Mickey Pearson when they were trying to kill him to get rid of Coach's problem and strikes of being indebted to Mickey and Raymond after they infiltrated one of his bases. 

I could go on and on about the characters, the actors portrayal, specific scenes but you get the long winded gist of this praise. I think it will develop a bigger following if it hasn't already. 

Sets up the potential of a movie sequel (yes I'm aware of the TV show) and what better way to introduce Jason Statham and Vinnie Jones to the story? Can be a parent of one of the toddlers, the boss of Coach or someone else who wants to buy Mickey's empire. Somehow some way I believe Guy Ritchie could pull it off and do it. 

I understand this film was released just before COVID hit in early 2020 so it may have gone under the radar for a while especially given the circumstances at the time but I truly believe this was/is a gem by Guy Ritchie that would've won major awards for certain actors.

Or maybe I'm just behind on the movie as it was released just over 5 years ago. And that's ok, I just wanted to share how great it was watching this film and my experience.