Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITAH for not going to sleep with my gf some nights?
Author: L_Is_Stillwell11
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 09:46:43
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i77lsp/aitah_for_not_going_to_sleep_with_my_gf_some/

Disclaimer: we both have Borderline Personality Disorder

I live with my gf and we work together. We spend nearly every minute together or barely time apart. Most would probably be an hour or so if we're on different floors. And we text. My girlfriend presented to me a problem where if I don't sleep with her, she can't sleep. Even though she has before and I would just be on my pc quietly literally 10 feet across the room. Need cuddles? Gotcha. Want a kiss? Absolutely. Just need a hug? You know what time it is. But I am very much a night owl and I love the ambience of late night coffee, quiet video games and music. I do not want to go to sleep even if it's 4 AM. I work a late shift anyway. I just want to play some video games a little longer and listen to music. If I leave to do anything else, after half an hour I get a text like "where go 🥺" which is cute and sweet but at the same time when you take issues like this super serious, it becomes less funny and more annoying.

The other night when I found out she had a problem with this, she started crying when I was on my PC at 2 AM. So I immediately shut it off and asked her of she's okay. And she sobs at me and says how she cannot physically sleep without me and she's so tired being up all night "waiting for me". It took me 5 minutes to calm her down enough to just answer some basic fucking questions about what was wrong. And now tonight she made me get off because I "promised" at the latest I'd get off is 2 AM. BRO. I have so much time before work. This is my FREE TIIIIIIIME. I spend every waking minute with you. I work with you. I text you when I'm not in the room with you. I take you everywhere I go. I compliment and support you in EVERYTHING. What the hell is going on lmao and what is she doing now? Sleeping? Like she begged me to come do with her? Nope. Tiktok. 