Subreddit: OnePiece
Title: What were some major moments for you in the battle between the Warlord Kaido and the Pirate Luffy?
Author: Akatsuki-Deidara
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 06:40:37
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/OnePiece/comments/1i754qm/what_were_some_major_moments_for_you_in_the/

That last and first heartbeat, the way he fell, and the way he faded again are the most memorable moments for me.

 We’ve seen Luffy on the brink of death, we’ve seen him beat up, but when he was falling that wasn’t Luffy, it was an empty corpse. When that shell hit the ground head first I felt it, then when his back hit next and that last heartbeat was heard, I knew what death felt like. Gave me absolute chills.

That first heartbeat, right before the drums of liberation start, I felt revived myself, revived and confused!? His voice still sounded dead for a minute but he was Luffy, alive and kickin but  he didn’t understand how.

The entire gear 5 fight from there was absolutely chaotic but Luffy losing gear 5 for a moment was handled perfectly. You see his energy drain and all of his usual (even mid fight) Luffy vitality that has captured the attention of the entire Onepiece world and caught the attention of major players and big names. To lose that vitality is rare for Luffy and even his voice once again sounds like it’s fading, like a man on his deathbed. Then it returns!!Luffy is back and in absolute determination mode! Luffy, being Luffy,  still finds time to goof off against the final boss and doesn’t have to take the fight too seriously. He was free to fight however he pleased and that was Luffy’s ideal battle. He’s just being a grown child and enjoying his time, that’s what freedom (and being the king of the pirates) means to luffy. The freedom to be goofy and play around with a smile while also bringing happiness and freedom to others. A world where everyone is free, not just literally but also to be themselves (and have plenty of food too!)

My two absolutely best moments are definitely the heartbeats, but the entire gear 5 fight undoubtedly deserves praise.
