Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITA for expecting a get together for a milestone birthday?
Author: Ok-Row4124
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 09:00:45
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i770fp/aita_for_expecting_a_get_together_for_a_milestone/

AITA for being upset my girlfriend ignored my wishes for my birthday?

It was my 30th birthday in November. Prior to this my girlfriend and I talked about what I'd like for it. She asked what I wanted off her and I told her I'd like a get together with a some close friends and family (mine and my gfs) as I hadn't had it before and it was a milestone birthday. 

There's some small bars near us that we like that let you book them for free if you have a minimum number of people coming. 

We go on two holidays abroad most years so we decided to go away at the beginning of November as it's close to my birthday. 

We split the costs of this 50/50 so it wasn't a birthday present.

My birthday came and I got nothing like that what I'd asked for. I got a card and a couple of little gifts ( a gift card and a book) from my gf but no gathering or any sort of celebration. 

I was upset at this and my girlfriend asked me why I was upset and I explained it to her. She said it would have been a hassle trying to get everyone together and would have took a lot of work to organise. I told her she knew how much it would have meant to me and it hurts hearing her say I'm basically not worth the effort.

She said I should have done it myself then but I pointed out she's asked what I wanted and I'd told her. She said I was trying to guilt trip her but I told her I was just expressing how I felt about it. 

She said I was being too unfair and that I should be happy with what I got. I told her she doesn't get to tell me when I can and can't be upset and that it obviously hurts knowing your partner doesn't care enough to even try to organise what I wanted for my birthday.

She again said i was guilt tripping her and deliberately trying to make her feel bad.

AITA for expecting a get together for a milestone birthday?
