Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITA for leaning towards only one child after a miscarriage knowing my husband dreams of multiple children?
Author: Academic_Swim9212
Score: 4
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 07:33:37
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i75vk8/aita_for_leaning_towards_only_one_child_after_a/

Just went through a delayed miscarriage. The misoprostol was terrible and felt like what I imagine labour contractions to be but what was worse was the first trimester. My mental health took a hit - I truly felt a cloud of depression that had me considering aborting it was so terrible. It also doesn’t help that my husband was not as supportive as I expected him to be given how much he said he wanted to be a dad. He did go and get me food and try to be helpful but after his initial reaction of joy to be a dad the anxiety crept in and he was thinking through how this would change his life and that a child is a life commitment even if they go to jail, etc. That made me insecure if he fully comprehended what it means to have children. I am the eldest of 5 and used to teach at a preschool and my mom had a home daycare so I grew up with a lot of kids at different stages of life and through different temperaments.

During the miscarriage I told him I never wanted to have this experience again. As soon as it passed I felt like myself again. The cloud disappeared. I knew then how much pregnancy tanked my mental health.

Before we got married we agreed to 3-4 children.

Since this experience and the miscarriage I’ve been reading and learning more about being one and done. It’s never something I really considered because it didn’t feel like a real option, but the more I’ve been thinking about it the more that feels like an authentic choice for me. Not child free, not multiples. Just one. I feel I could get through the shit that is pregnancy if I only had to do it once. I could have more resources for one. We love to travel and this would allow us to continue our lifestyle. He also loves his alone time - he grew up in a family of him and his sister but they don’t speak to each other so honestly he’s more of an only child. We would have more attention to give one. We would be able to divide and conquer. Knowing what I know now about how pregnancy affects my mental health I would also get a proactive plan in place with my doctor and go on SSRIs if I have to and reduce suffering.

I haven’t been able to communicate much of my thought process to my husband, but he’s been throwing a tantrum and went to sleep on the couch tonight and suggested divorce. I’m not sure if he understands that I only want ONE child or want to be child free, but he hasn’t given me much of a chance to share my thoughts.

AITA for wanting only one child although my husband wants multiples and we agree to 3-4 before marriage?