Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITA for ‘controlling’ my bf
Author: burnerr12334
Score: 21
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 05:08:40
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i73ovz/aita_for_controlling_my_bf/

So I 25f and my bf 25m recently moved in to a small apartment together 

We’re both gamers and can easily spend hours on our respective games, we share one room for this and one room as our bedroom. My bf struggles with socialising too much and needs time to decompress, so most of the time even though we’re in the same room (unavoidably) we don’t talk and we don’t often play the same games because he wants to play with his friends not me. This makes me a little sad because I love playing with him, but I’ve compromised and decided not to bother him by asking too often if he’d play with me too 

Here is where the issue starts 
Even though we can play for hours and hours during the day, it’s never enough for him. I have severe anxiety and as stupid as this sounds (I KNOW at my age this is a big thing but hear me out first) I cannot go to sleep alone when it’s night. During the day I can nap but it’s not even necessarily a darkness thing, I’ve tried leaving the main light on, nightlights, you name it, it does not work. I’ve had lengthy conversations about this with bf, it was the big thing that stopped me from moving in with him before but he assured me it would work. I also suffer with a fatigue disorder which makes sleep hard for me, no matter how much I have I’m always at least a bit tired, I’m a very light sleeper so the slightest noise will wake me up and I need much more sleep than the average person. But again, lengthy conversations, assurances before we moved in etc etc 

My bf has ADHD, struggles with organisation, staying on important tasks, gets a lot of anxiety doing things like ordering food, making phone calls. Because of this I do all that for him, if he needs an appointment I call to make it, remind him of it etc and I don’t mind at all, he needs the help. It seems that consideration doesn’t go both ways. 

The compromise was supposed to be that on days I have something important to do, we will go to bed when I need to, around midnight is usually the time for this but sometimes earlier. Other days I’ll just put up with the fatigue. I’m okay with this compromise, but it does really mess us both up, we’re always tired, low mood etc

My job isn’t too physically taxing, but I have to be very particular with my work, if I mess something up it can be really serious and I also have a lot of meetings where I need to also be alert and on it. I have a meeting tomorrow, at 4pm. As I’m writing this it’s 5am, bf has been gaming since about 8pm and I’ve asked him about 5 times if he can come off and go to bed and I get ‘I’ll come off when I come off, just go to bed’. This is the same response every time. Only a couple weeks ago we were in the exact same situation, we ended up having a huge fight and he threatened to end it because I’m being ‘controlling’ telling him when he can and can’t play games

So AITA for trying to make him come to bed with me when it starts getting this late?