Subreddit: OnePiece
Title: 9 One Piece Hot Takes
Author: Shoddy-Reporter-8792
Score: 0
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 03:08:22
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/OnePiece/comments/1i71cx4/9_one_piece_hot_takes/

1. Post TS pales in comparison to Pre TS in terms of plot/character writing.
2. Writing/plot wise, One Piece peaked at Enies Lobby and hasn't come close since.
3. It does NOT get good at episode 1, and the entirety of East Blue is one of the slowest starts to a long running shonen ever.
4. Robin is the only straw hat with actual decent character development. The rest are either as one dimensional as when they were introduced or had development and were reduced back to their original character writing after the arc they were developed ended (Sanji, Nami).
5. Mihawk, being a yonko strength level character not care about the One Piece race and could easily be a contender for such if he actually tried, is the best character dynamic in the entire show.
6. Wano was incredibly underwhelming for being THE arc of Post TS. Was simultaneously dragged out and rushed at the same time and Onigashima was a poor mans Marineford of a war arc with a bunch of underdeveloped villains and arc characters running around fighting each other. Not a single fight (manga) was well choreographed (except for some parts of Luffy vs Kaido and Zoro vs King) and a bunch were largely plot driven (BM vs Law and Kidd) puppeteering the fight. Not to mention how one dimensional Kaido was as a villain. One of the more boring villains personality and motive wise and he was supposed to be THE villain of Post TS? Very disappointed in Wano.
7. Ussop is by a mile the worst Straw Hat and his weakness has become less of a meme and more of an actual deadweight factor for the crew. He is a little TOO weak at this point in the story at the expense of his gag.
8. Oda is terrible at choreography and his only good choreographed fight was Luffy vs Lucci in Enies Lobby and maybe Luffy vs Katakuri.
9. OP has an almost even split of good and bad arcs, it's just the good arcs are far more good than the bad are bad. For every Water 7 there was a Punk Hazard, for every Enies there was a Long Ring Long Land, for every Sabaody Archipelago there was a Skypiea, for every Marineford there was a Thriller Bark, for every Impel Down there was a Fishman Island etc.