Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: WIBTA for telling my BIL he either needs to put on some clothes or I move out?
Author: CitronAdmirable238
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 08:05:00
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i76azh/wibta_for_telling_my_bil_he_either_needs_to_put/

TRA bc my bf uses reddit and I don't want him to see this lol. Standard sorry for any mobile format issues.

I (19M) live with my boyfriend, Q (20M), his Mom and Dad (Both 50s) and his brother, W (32M). For background, I decided to move in with my bf and his parents after being long distance during highschool. Things were great for about a year; the both of us have been able to start saving money for college since his parents have been very generous in letting us stay rent free.

Also, my boyfriend, his family, and I are all neurodivergent. This plays an important role in the story because I moved in under the arrangement that I could keep most of my things in his W’s room and hang out in there when overstimulated since he'd already moved out years ago. Additionally, W has higher support needs. He has severe aversions to certain textures and has a very hard time socializing. I personally am not a fan of the guy. Besides the age gap, W tends to make me uncomfortable since he has a habit of pushing physical and social boundaries. However, I've made an effort to be friendly despite our differences.

His brother recently had to move back in for reasons I wasn't really informed of. It was pretty inconvenient but I was understanding since I had a feeling he didnt really have a choice.When he moved back in, I was cordial and chatted with him every so often. Things were fine at first despite the circumstances.

Thats when he started to push boundaries again. W began to walk around the house in only a towel. At first I thought it was just because he'd just gotten out of the shower and has sensory issues with that. He likes to walk around almost completely naked HOURS after he takes a shower.

Me being uncomfortable, I told my In-laws about it and they proceeded to tell me this is just normal for him. Even when he was a kid, he insisted on being naked. I begged them to do something about it and their compromise was that he wears a robe around the house to cover himself up a little more. It still bothers me, but I still went with it because I'd rather not cause any issues with his family. 

Even after his parents talked to him, HE CONTINUES TO WALK AROUND IN JUST A TOWEL. My bf and I have both told him to go put something on repeatedly now, and he either flat out says "No" or doesn't take us seriously. We have both caught him on multiple times sneaking around the house in a towel. I can see why he'd think it's safe to ignore the rules when it's late, but bc Q goes to bed early, I spend a lot of time in the living room which has a direct view of his room. At this point, it feels incredibly weird that a 32 year old man is so insistent on being almost naked around a 19 yr old. 
His parents do not care and have even made jokes about my discomfort. I've been desperate to move back home, and Q is starting to resent him. WIBTA for giving W an ultimatum? I dont want to leave my bf and move back home, but this is getting out of hand.  

Edit: I AM A GUY LOL
