Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITAH for telling others that I’m flexible and they can pick the date/time for meetups?
Author: BusyNotBeingBusy
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 09:09:40
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i774uy/aitah_for_telling_others_that_im_flexible_and/

I (40F) got into the same argument with my ex (48M)a again. We’ve been spending time together again and make plans to hang out. We had talked about getting together to watch a movie tonight. I texted him to see if he still wanted to. He said maybe. 

An hour later he texted and asked me what time I was thinking for the movie. I responded whatever time works for him. Instead of giving me a time he said that he asked me the question first. After I told him whatever time, I had started doing things around the house. When I checked my phone about an hour later, I told him to just give me a 20 minute warning so I could get ready to head out. 

Again, I got back to doing my own thing and wasn’t checking my messages. So about 20 minutes later he called and asked where I was. I explained that I hadn’t seen his message, but would be out the door in 20 minutes. Then the words came flowing out of his mouth. Actions like this is probably why we’re not together anymore. 

He said that I couldn’t even answer a simple question. Confused, I asked what question was that? The question was what time I wanted to get together for the movie. He didn’t think my answer of ‘whatever time’ was sufficient. And that I should have told him a specific time. And then I reminded him that my evening was free and i deferred to him to pick the time. He said he waited for two hours for me. I said that he had the option to pick a time but chose not to. 

Some background. For me, in my personal and work life, if my schedule is open with no restrictions I tend to defer to the other person to select the date/time. I just think going back and forth to figure out a time works for both parties is a waste of time. I would just rather have the other person decide on the date/time and move on. Everyone loves my flexibility with scheduling except my ex. 

We argued about this frequently during our relationship. When I explained that my way is quick and the other person always appreciates my willingness to let them decide. He claims that I’m making the other person “do the work”. I argue that it’s less work. He thinks I should just throw out a date or time. And in tonight’s conversation, I could have informed him I was open this evening at anytime. I interrupted him and said, I told you to pick anytime this evening. For most people, when they read/hear this, they understand that it is implied that I must be free and have no restrictions. He said I could have been more specific. For example: Anytime works … because I have no plans. 

And when I pointed out that he never 100% confirmed that he wanted to watch a movie with me. Since he didn’t do this, I just went on with my evening. I felt that the ball was in his court. He did not appreciate this and the phone call ended with us arguing. 

Again, in all my life, I have never had anyone complain about me deferring schedule time to them. Never ever been an issue. But with this ex, always a problem. It’s like he can’t fill in the blank where things are obviously implied. 

Another example. When we were still together we would pick a time to cook together. I would then ask him what time he wanted to eat. If he said 6:00pm, I would show up in the kitchen at about 5:30pm and start prepping and cooking. He would usually show up around the intended eat time and start complaining about how I didn’t communicate to him that it was time to start cooking. And when I reminded him that the kitchen is literally above your studio, you can hear everything going on, and you know what time we’re eating. I didn’t want to interrupt him if he was in the zone at work. The way I see it, he knows what time we’re eating and he knows how long the meal will take to prepare. Therefore he can figure out when to head up to the kitchen. 

If I reminded him too frequently of our plans, he says I’m nagging. And if I don’t remind him, I’m being a bad communicator. 

I’m beginning to think it’s a him problem and not a me problem. I mean I have ADHD. Is this my ADHD brain at play? Or AITAH for being flexible and letting the other person pick out meetup date/time? 

