Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITA or are my feelings valid?
Author: Cautious_You3003
Score: 114
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 05:37:33
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i745zo/aita_or_are_my_feelings_valid/

AITA? 
My bf and I have been together for 4 years going on 5. When we got together his dad had just passed away 2 months prior, so I understood if he wasn’t in the best position. We immediately clicked tho, and started dating the same month, and I moved into his moms the next. At this point I was paying for everything until he begged me to quit my job and find a place up in the city with him. Mind you this is my first bf, we’re both 19 at the time. So around March of 2021 we move 2 hours away from everything I know and away from all of my family, so he can pursue his career. So I give up going to college and getting my nursing degree, I use MY money and my credit history to get us an apartment, we’re driving MY car that I pay for, and he doesn’t want me to work. He wanted me to sit at home in front of a camera because he was worried I was going to cheat on him. 
  

So fast forward, he refused to pay my car payments but continued to drive it. Kept getting insurance tickets bc he refused to let his mom pay my insurance and had her pay his instead ( on a beat up car that sat there for 2 years with all flat tires). So my car is extremely illegal at this point and it was ticket after ticket. One day he begs me to go get him McDonald’s in my small ass hometown where cops do nothing but sit there and wait to pull you over and I got my car repossessed. So now we’re out of a car. But that’s my fault in his eyes. He works a seasonal job so he’s off for 3 months of the year and wants me to work but it’s extremely hard to get a job with no work experience for 4 years.
   

Now he wants me to work. He’s had 2 different jobs since he’s been laid off and just constantly fucking bitches at me for not working, belittles me and puts me down constantly and says he doesn’t love me because I don’t have a job and help him, but at this point, if he can’t see where he fucked up my life, I don’t really care to help him. Because I know that if I get a job, I’ll come home and have to clean the house too while he sits on his ass and plays madden. I continuously explain that if he would pay for me to get my CNA license so I can have a decent job and get myself a car again then I’ll work but he refuses to help me. There’s only so much I can do with one car when he’s working out of state or out of town with it. So AITA for not giving a shit about helping him?