Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITA for not giving back a car I bought from a friend
Author: Count_Dongula
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 04:36:37
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i734ul/aita_for_not_giving_back_a_car_i_bought_from_a/

I bought a crappy old car from my friend, who we will call Doug. Doug and I had been friends since we were kids, but had grown apart as we got older. Doug never finished high school and instead got really into drug culture, and I went to college and law school. Every couple of years, I'd hear from Doug as he blew back into town and wanted to reconnect, only for him to leave not long after. 

One year he came back with a car. An old Ford sedan he got for free. It wasn't really any good but it ran and drove. When it broke down, the car sat in front of his parents' house for a few weeks until they had enough of it. They bought Doug a better car and told him he had to get the Ford out of their yard. Doug asked me to buy it from him for a small amount. At around this time, I had another friend whose car needed work, so I bought it for $100 (about $25 more than scrap) and dragged it to my brother's house, where he and I spent a night and another $300 repairing the car. After my friend was done with it, I dumped it in a field my brother owned, figuring I'd want the 302 in it eventually.

After four years, I retrieved the car from the field to give to my now-wife, who needed a car after her divorce. While I did get it running, it was not exactly in good shape to begin with, so it didn't end up being used. After a year, Doug came back again. Doug asked if he could buy the Ford. It was doing nothing but costing me storage fees, so I agreed to give it back. All he had to do was pick up the storage lot contract and take the title from me. He never got the title, and I suspect he wanted to be able to stick me with any charges when he inevitably failed to make payments to the lot. Not long after he took the car, he returned it and left the state. I collected it a year and a half later when the storage lot asked me to take it.

Doug came back a month after I collected the Ford. He wasted no time asking for the Ford back, expecting me to make a gift to him. I told him I'd think about it. Doug did not need a car this time. He had been driving around in a much more reliable Toyota for the past several years and had a bunch of cars sitting on some land he owned somewhere. Meanwhile, I actually wanted the thing now, and it wasn't costing me anything. So maybe I didn't need it, but neither did Doug. Every time I heard from Doug after he came back, the Ford would come up. After about a couple weeks of these conversations, I made up my mind and told Doug that I didn't want to give him the Ford because I wanted to keep it and build it into a sleeper. A week after I told him that, I got a single word message "okay." I have not heard from him since. It's probably been about a month since I told him. I feel like he's mad I didn't give him back the car, and now he doesn't want to talk to me anymore.

AITA for not giving my friend back the car I bought from him?