Subreddit: Overwatch
Title: I've noticed something of a trend...
Author: InsanityWill
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 07:02:50
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/1i75g4p/ive_noticed_something_of_a_trend/

First of all, I am somewhat of a conspiracy theory humorist. I like hearing about them, but I don't really bother believing any of it, same goes for religion and most of history that nobody can prove without delving into the realm of imagination based on skeletal remains and structures that we've time and time again find evidence on being older than we "previously thought". Seriously, we used to say the pyramids were maybe thousands of years old, now we got evidence poking at the possibility of millions of years old... We don't know and I'm not gonna act like we do.


ANYWAY. Y'all, over the years that this game has been out, since OW1 back in 2015-2016, when it was being developed and going live for the first time, all the way to now... I've noticed that we are hella good at solving things and coming up with the idea of something the game is doing when they used to drop those little hero teasers; Hammond for example, based on a few little clips here and there, some of which literally didn't even show Hammond other than maybe a shadow or something, we deciphered exactly who it was and what he was riding around in, and we did that to quite a few other characters, figured out why they were before Blizzard officially revealed them.


I've also noticed that the game references a lot of real world things, both within the company of Blizzard and out; hear me out... When OW1 went silent and all we got was Echo... Yea she's a new character but only half of a new character, her ultimate ability, the grande finale of her kit, just turns her into another character of Overwatch... OW1 updating to OW2 kinda did the same thing, like we got sold a new character with all this hype and fancy cool features and upgrades compared to what we've had, but in the grande finale of the release... It was just OW1 2.0... it's literally the same (game/character). We've gotten a lot since then, don't get me wrong, but to anyone who's ever played OW1, OW2 doesn't exist if you compare to nearly any other game in existence when you think of the concept of (insert game here) vs (insert game here 2). Generally A LOT of things change to the point it barely feels like the same game. The most that's really changed in OW is the shop and losing 2 players.


As for a few other references to kinda space fill a bit, some of the characters that have released on this game have come out strangely close to other things in the real world, such as weaponry (idr exactly, but I believe it was Hammond and it was a recently developed missile defense system, but I might be wrong), political movements (Hazard and his gang rebelling in London, referenced to Syria and the rebels who fought back and retook control, at least I think that's where it was... Idk, I'm not history buff tbh). Juno and being from Mars, while simultaneously having all the talk lately about going to and colonizing Mars, although I feel that's too on the nose. Can't really say Venture because that's kinda what they were designed for was to reference that particular subject in the game and support it... Curious what's gonna happen there with Trump now... Do we have to start calling Venture a she now?


But lastly, and the most recent... The reverting to 6v6 we've been seeing lately. It's more than likely gonna happen because it apparently has extremely positive results despite all the changes it makes or reverts from characters, like Hog and his trap or his his scrap gun fires. Isn't it ironic that this started happening roughly around the same time that Trump and America seem to be turning back the clock so to speak on all sorts of policies? Like I'm not wanting to really discuss politics, but it's just strange to me how Overwatch almost seems to reflect things shortly before or right after these things start becoming a thing... Like I get games like to reference stuff, but Overwatch seems like it's literally running Overwatch, like the military speak kind... Idk just something I noticed...