Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITA for wanting to see snow in FL with my bf?
Author: throwwaybb_
Score: 4
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 07:36:19
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i75wts/aita_for_wanting_to_see_snow_in_fl_with_my_bf/

I (20 F) and my boyfriend (22 M) both live in Florida. Where I live in Florida it is the first time it has snowed in 30 years. He has lived in South Florida his whole life so he has never had the chance to see snow before. I told him months prior that I wanted to be with him when he sees snow for the first time because it would be fun. He agreed that it would be fun. Saturday I told him how excited I was that it was going to snow since it would be the first time in 5 years I’ve seen snow. On Monday I asked him if he will hangout with me when it snows and he said after work he would see me. 

Tuesday rolls around and he goes to work and while he’s at work he texts me saying “it’s snowing!” His job let him out early today because nobody was coming in due to the weather. He was only at work for a few hours but 2 of those hours it was snowing. He got home and said how the roads were slick due to his tires being shit (his words not mine). He got home said he couldn’t see me because it was too dangerous to drive. A few hours later he sent me pictures of him playing with the snow with his roommates. (I would like to mention his roommates are his friends from kindergarten so they’ve been lifelong friends). It made me super upset and sad and I eventually just became filled with anger. I don’t know why but it made me really mad because I wanted to do that with him and share those memories with him. Instead it felt like he shared those moments and memories with his friends. I told him how I felt and got angry. I asked him if he remembered me asking months prior how I wanted to see snow with him for his first time. He said yes. He basically said I’m blowing things out of proportion and it’s not safe to drive. Yes, I know it’s not safe to drive and I feel like I’m being selfish asking him to drive when he said the roads were slick. AITA?