Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITA for asking my kids to complete chores before leaving for evening extracurriculars?
Author: amata_mater
Score: 0
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 03:25:05
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i71pxc/aita_for_asking_my_kids_to_complete_chores_before/

We have a lot of kids age 14 down to age 2 with another baby on the way. Everyone age 4 and up has assigned chores throughout the day but the biggest portion of them happen after school from 4-5pm but it takes a ton of effort to keep them on task. Example of the expectations is for the 14 year old: pick up dog poop in the backyard, fold & put away his laundry, clean his room (that it shared with 2 younger brothers & they all need to help), brush his dog, and collect trash from the main level once a week. I ask each kid to pitch in on what they can handle for their age & then try to hold them accountable for what their assignments are. 

It is not as stressful on nights when we don’t have to rush older kids to get changed into uniforms & out the door by 5:15 to have my husband take them to activities because then it’s just eating into their free time if it’s not done yet. I feel stressed by being left with all the little kids in a chaotic environment which means I have to watch them closer if it’s not tidy and toddler safe and have to get dinner on the table plus grade my 8th & 7th graders homeschool assignments while my husband and the helpful kids are out of the house. 

So I asked my husband who teleworks to come out of his office when he’s done with work (sometime between 4:30 and 5) to help manage kids so I’m not doing it alone with so many moving parts. He agreed to help more but he doesn’t care if kids are actually done or not and still takes off for activities. I don’t want them to go if they aren’t completely done with their chores. My husband thinks I have too high of expectations and shouldn’t care if for example a kid says they are done but didn’t pick up dog poop. I think this teaches them to not be responsible and also has future consequences that directly impact me like when kids are playing in the backyard and come running in with dog poop stuck in their shoes that I now have to clean. 

This is a reoccurring conflict in our marriage that I want the house to get straightened up at certain points throughout the day because it makes my job as a homeschooling stay at home mom easier to monitor for safety if things don’t spiral out of control. AITA for trying to hold kids accountable or for even trying to keep the house picked up? 