Subreddit: gaming
Title: What are 5 characters that you really want to see in the next Super Smash Bros game?
Author: randomnessisawesom
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 08:26:19
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1i76kjt/what_are_5_characters_that_you_really_want_to_see/

New characters in Smash is always going to be an interesting topic, and it's always fun to hear about people's wanted characters, as there are so many different cool and interesting options to choose from.

The way i wanted to do this question is that you either choose 5 characters that you want to see appear in a future game, no limits (it has to be a gaming character) and if you want you can also explain why you would want said character.

However it would also be interesting if you were limited to 3 Nintendo characters (1st or 2nd party) and 2 3rd party characters, basically any non Nintendo character across gaming.

Following the 2nd option, these are the 5 characters that i most want to see getting into the next Smash game.

1. King Boo. Out of all my top 5 favorite Mario characters, 3 of them are already in Smash (Diddy Kong, Yoshi and Rosalina), so i'm only missing 2. Out of either Koopa Troopa or King Boo, i feel like King Boo would be a better option. He would representer the Luigi's Mansion games and would give us a ghost character, which i'm suprised we haven't had already. He could have moves based on attacks in his boss fights, but also moves based on other Boos and their abilities.

2. Wolf Link and Midna. Twilight Princess was my first ever Zelda game, so it holds a special place in my heart. Midna is also my favorite character in all of Zelda, and i really enjoyed playing as Wolf Link. They would also be a new quadroped character, which we don't really have that many off. The only problem i have is that we would then technicaly have 4 Links, however seeing as Wolf Link plays a lot differently than the other Links, it shouldn't be a issue.

3. Marianne from Fire Emblem 3 Houses. Now i know how the Smash community thinks about Fire Emblem characters, however it isn't really fair in my opinion. The problem is that they tend to choose the main characters of each Fire Emblem title, and most of them are sword users. So instead i decided on taking a non-main character, and took my favorite Fire Emblem character, being Marianne. In the game, she is a magic user with a large array of spells available. Honestly a lot of Fire Emblem characters could be turned into cool characters, however i decided to go with my favorite.

4. 2B. Nier Automata was an amazing game, and was a real hidden gem in my opinion, and the moment i finished it, 2B became my most wanted character to appear in the next Smash game. Nier Automata has a wide variety of weapons and attacks that would fit perfectly into a moveset. Idealy, i would want 9S and A2 to be playable to, with them serving as a trio, similar to the Pokemon Trainer, however 2B is good enough for me.

5. The Survivor from Ark Survival Evolved. Ark was an amazing game that i put hours upon hours into, and it was a blast playing it with my friends. There are so many different weapons and gadgets in the game that could be turned into a cool moveset. We don't really have that many open world survival game characters (aside from Steve), so it would be cool to see another character represent this genre of games.