Subreddit: AITAH
Title: [AITAH] [M30] My wife [29F] doesn't do her fair share financially and I'm not sure how to proceed.
Author: Mfcm1990
Score: 0
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 07:18:53
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i75oaq/aitah_m30_my_wife_29f_doesnt_do_her_fair_share/

# Hi there,

So my wife 29 F) and I (30 M) have 2 children (both under the age of 5) and we live in an 850 square foot apartment.

I work full time for a HCM company, and she works for a dance studio. She is considered part time (she only works 3 days per week) and makes most of her income is from chorography and classes. The first half we squeak by, but the second half we struggle immensely. Her 1st half paycheck is around 2,200 dollars, but her second half is only 250 dollars.

We have over 6000 dollars per month in bills, and also living expenses, and expenses for our children.

Financially it has been extremely rough. I suggested to see if she could take on some extra work on one of her off days but she believes that since her job is not a, "normal" job, and is more physically demanding that she doesn't have energy to take on extra side work while also working at the dance studio and taking care of the kids.

I work from home, so I often wear multiple hats while simultaneously working. I work, I clean the apartment, and also take care of the kids. I also squeeze job searching time at night for a few hours because it's impossible to do anything extra from when the kids wake up to when they go to bed.

She works 2nd shift, so she often comes home around 9:30-10pm, on the days she does work. Due to this. she often doesn't have much energy to clean when she comes home, so the expectations are that the apartment is clean when she gets home. The expectations are that I take care of the finances and any upcoming bill payments. The expectations are that I find a way to make things work financially if we are struggling with income.

With that said, I am at an impasse. I take on the majority of the load with making sure the bills are paid, the apartment is clean, while also taking on extra side work after I get off from my main job to making extra income by cleaning houses.

It's becoming really difficult to be the one who carries the entire load. Not to diminish what she does, but with that said, I believe that there should be some extra effort on her end to help out with the bills - but because she feels like she already does too much and does enough as is, I can't really push that needle.

It sucks because we both want more from our life - we want a house, we want to be able to take a vacation, give our kids the world and then some. Its like we have the same vision of where we want to be, but I'm in the pilot seat to make sure we get there.

It genuinely sometimes feels like a high school biology project, and you pair up with the person that you know will do all the work, while you text on your phone and try to scrape by from being an equal partner.

So I am here asking for advise on how to proceed? How do you proceed with someone that doesn't have the same desire to put in the extra work and effort? How do you proceed with someone that doesn't feel like a 50/50 partner, but rather someone that feels that as a mother, she should have less of a work load compared to the man?

I feel rather burned out at this point, and not sure what to do.

Thanks so much! :)
