Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITAH for hating my family and taking time off work
Author: Top_Fisherman6658
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 08:59:45
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i76zvh/aitah_for_hating_my_family_and_taking_time_off/

so basically there’s some backstory to this but essentially i (22f) had a huge falling out with my family recently. so throughout my entire life they were just always making me do things that i don’t wanna do. it went from like forcing me to do the IB program in high school when even my principal would tell me that im not ib material and i would constantly get yelled at infront of my class and humiliated for not reaching everyone’s expectations. after i graduated IB, i initially wanted to go abroad (for context i live in lebanon) but they didnt let me as money was a bit tight at the time. so i had two local university options that i wanted to attend and they rejected both. they insisted i go to this other uni just because they know one of the teachers. so i had to pick my major based on what they offered which was very the basic majors. 

i found an online uni from
france that had the major that i wanted and was cheap compared to others. it took me a whole semester to convince them to let me change unis which eventually they did but never let me forget that they paid for my uni. and honestly i dont get it bc i had told them that i would rather not go to uni and go to beauty school since my goal was to be a makeup artist which again they knew since i was 11yo. 

but anyways, then i ended up moving to the states for 6mo but then i wanted to go back to lebanon. surprise surprise they didnt let me. so i had no other choice than to go to london where my dad was (who i havent seen in like 5 years at the time). it was horrible i stayed there for 2 years and i worked as a hostess at a high end restaurant. my mom was the one who got me the job and my dad gave me shit about it everuday bc he didnt like that i was working at a restaurant. some comtext: they were not giving me an allowance or any money other than paying for my uni so as any other uni student would do i got a job at a restaurant. i would go on holiday a few times and go back to lebanon everytime.

after i graduated uni, i decided to move back to lebanon full time because i could not stand london it wasnt for me. at first they didnt say anything about it kinda bc i said that i was gonna go spend summer there and then get a job after summer. (keep in mind im
paying for everything myself) everything was fine until september when my mom (who lives in oman with my younger siblings) told
me to come to oman for a visit. so i went for a momth and she got me an internship (that i didnt ask for) at a PR agency. keep in mind ive BEEN saying i wanna do makeup since i was 11yo and everyone KNOWS that. 

so i go to oman and im forced to do this marketing internship that i didnt ask for because “its my moms friend and it would look bad if i didnt”. it was horrible but anyways i ended up going back to lebanon after that. so i go back and then things started to get heated between lebanon and israel so my parents started to get all worried and insisted i leave the country immediately even tho it was not a state of emergency and nothing was even happening here. they book me a flight without telling me and me being a guilt ridden people pleaser i took the flight. so they send me to qatar bc my mom has a friend there that surprise surprise has a PR agency and got me an internship. BUT my mom told me that her friend was launching a makeup collection and that
i was gonna be the makeup artist for the collection. she said the internship was just gonna be a couple weeks until she starts launching the collection. so again im stuck in an internship that is not gonna help me with what i wanna do and really just a waste of my time. i started it and i didnt last a week. my mom had me moving every two nights from apartment to apartment bc i was supposed to stay with one person at first but then things got mixed up. this is where my mental health started to become really really bad. 

they would not let me go back to
lebanon at all. so i came up with an idea fhat they agreed on where i would go to lebanon for christmas then i would go back to london and get a makeup certificate. so they finally agreed and i went back for a month. 

the month ends and i go to london and start my course. the course was absolutely horrible not what i was expecting at all. i barely learned anything and it was just not it and all the atudents agreed on that. but anyways then i start to go through one of the hardest times of my life. it was a little bit related to health and my parents knew everything for context. it passes but im still
going thru a horrible horrible time. then to add onto that they dont end up giving me my certificate bc i had missed 6 days (bc of my health problem that i had told them about and all they said was to get well soon). so this drives me absolutely insane.

at this point im at my lowest and i insist that i go back to lebanon. they didnt say anything so i went back. this past year was horrible for me mental health wise bc of everything that i had been going thru. my parents knew thay but didnt really care. 

so i end up working in makeup for a few months in lebanon but it was really hectic and i was just not doing well at all and i needed a break which i was capable of doing bc i had some money on the side (keep in mind i support myself financially). so i quit my job and took some time off. then the war starts to get worse and my parents start panicking again. they insist i go back to london and at the time the government sent a charter plane and i panicked so i took the flight. i get to london and i have a HORRIBLE time. it just so happend that my mom comes to visit for her birthday. my parents and i have huge fights and i ended up booking a flight back bc i just couldnt not be in lebanon right now. so i pack up qnd leave them and at this point they were nonstop badgering me every two seconds someone from my family would text me aaying not to leave and that im gonna die basically if i go. but again there was no state of emergency in the country and literally so many people were still there bc the war was only in some parts of the country. 

so i go back and then things start to calm down with the war amd with my family and slowly slowly we start talking again. so i had plans to go to america for christmas bc my sister just had another baby and i havent seen them in a long time. so i discuss this with her (when i was in london). we never brought it up after that and i decided not to go anymore. then later on my grandma tells me that my sister booked flights for my dad and two of my siblings to go see her for christmas. so i get enraged because there was another christmas when i was still in highschool where everyone went to the states to spend christmas together and left me behind bc i had to “study”. i get really mad and at this point im just like f u guys bc wtaf is this.

a little backstory: 
i had an online stalker from age 11 and they never helped me never called the police never did anything. they blamed me for it and they just didnt wanna hear about it. i spoke to police, ngos, school, and even hackers to try and find the person (never found out who it was)
at age 8-9 my dad left us to work then at age 13 my mom left us to work. 
i was treated very differently than my siblings ( i have two older and two younger)- they all got to do after school activities, sports, go out and i was never allowed to and if i wanted to go out or do something i had to get a taxi and pay for it myself and basically figure it out myself. (my siblings all were given rides and even drivers and each had done several different sports) (they even paid for therapy for my ounger sister bc of her anger issues and never once thoight of me with my harrassing stalker) 


so my whole point is that now i took time off (like a gap year for example) and everyone is giving me sh*t for it and basically saying that im throwing my life away and that im a sh*t person and im the problem. does this make me the AH? i dont see it that was at all i see it as my family being the AH. not trying to victimize myself but i do see myself as a victim of neglect, sexual harrassment, and abandonment. 

sorry this post is super long but bc theres a lot of backstory that i needed to include for context.