Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITA for not letting my mom take my stuff without asking?
Author: SingleConsequence222
Score: 16
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 02:04:48
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i7008t/aita_for_not_letting_my_mom_take_my_stuff_without/

My (21F) mom (47F) keeps taking my clothes out of my room and not asking. 

First off, I know this story is a little silly, but I need some outside opinions. Also, sorry for the long winded post, I wanted to add as much background info as possible. 


I am currently in school at a local university and still living with my parents, since the school is close to my home. I got my first job when I started college and have since been paying for my own clothes, shoes, nails, etc. In the past year, I got a better paying retail job and have been able to get more clothes that I, honestly don’t wear as often. However, starting this summer my mom has taken it upon herself to go shopping in my room without asking me first. Now, my issue is not with her borrowing my stuff, that doesn’t bother me. I have a problem with her going into my personal space and taking stuff without asking me first. We’ve gotten into several arguments about how I prefer she ask me first and she always gets defensive calling me selfish and bringing up the fact that she pays my car payment, but when I say it wouldn’t bather me if she asked me first, she completely ignores me. The most recent argument we had was because while i was at school, she took a book I was given as a gift for herself to read. When I confronted her about it, she said she “didn’t think I was going to read it anyway” because it was sitting on my bookshelf. Isn’t that where you put books you haven’t read yet? Anyways, that’s not the main point. My issue is that now I have the means to buy myself clothes, she feels entitled to the stuff that I’ve bought with my money. And what’s weirder is this only became an issue recently. She has never shown signs of entitlement towards my things ever. Am I the asshole for feeling like she needs to ask me first or shoot me a text before taking my stuff?


TLDR; My mom keeps taking my clothes and such out of my room without asking and she gets defensive when I tell her to ask first. 