Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITA for Confronting My Mom About How She Almost Ruined My Life?
Author: Slow-Albatross8824
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 07:31:32
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i75ujg/aita_for_confronting_my_mom_about_how_she_almost/

I (32M) recently had a conversation with my mom (53F) about my childhood. Growing up, I went to nine different elementary schools because I was often sent away. Sometimes I was sent to my violent father, who I recently realized is likely a narcissist, or to one of my grandmothers.

At home, my mom was in a toxic relationship with the father of my younger sisters. She had a job that required her to be away for days at a time, leaving me alone with him. He made it clear he hated me. When he was arrested for being a drug dealer when I was 14, I had to take care of my younger sisters because my mom was still rarely home.

When it was time to go to secondary school, my mom was disappointed I didn’t qualify for the lowest educational track. She believed that would have been better for me, even though it would have limited my opportunities later. Instead, I started in the second-lowest track, which still made progressing much harder.

After high school, my mom insisted I go to culinary school, even though I wasn’t interested. My schedule was exhausting. I had school during the day and in the evenings, a part-time unpaid internship, and I was still expected to care for my sisters. I didn’t have time for a paid job.

When I turned 18, my mom told me I needed to start paying rent. I explained I couldn’t afford it because of my commitments, but she kicked me out anyway. I moved in with my father, but after just a week, he beat me so badly I ended up in the hospital. After that, I moved in with my grandmother, where I stayed until she passed away when I was 19.

When I was about 20, I moved back in with my mom after a failed relationship left me without a job or education. She borrowed all of my savings and, when I had nothing left to give, stopped opening the door for me. I ended up homeless and living in a crisis shelter.

After that, I didn’t have any contact with my mom for years. It wasn’t until recently, when I was diagnosed with ADHD at 32, that we spoke again. The diagnosis explained so many of the struggles I had growing up, like focusing, finishing tasks, and staying organized. I told my mom this diagnosis could have changed my life if it had been addressed earlier. Instead, I started on a low academic track, which made everything harder. She apologized, saying she didn’t know and was just trying to survive.

I told her all of this, and now she says she wants to rebuild our relationship.

AITA for confronting her and holding her accountable for what happened during my childhood?