Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: WIBTA if I decide not to invite my mom to my vow renewal/wedding?
Author: sunnyxbaby
Score: 19
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 01:59:40
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i6zwbw/wibta_if_i_decide_not_to_invite_my_mom_to_my_vow/

Context: my husband (35m) and I (39f) eloped when we first got married. We only had a couple close friends there. it's been 10 years, and we decided that for our 10th wedding anniversary, we were doing to do a real wedding/renewal and celebration with all of our friends and family.

Now, for some history. My mom (64f) and I have always had a pretty tumultuous relationship. She's pretty narcissistic, bipolar and a binge drinker, and I have literally never heard an apology from her in my life for any of the awful things she's done or said. One example, my dad is gay, and when I was younger she never failed to call him a f*g or tell me that she hopes he dies of AIDS. For the record, my dad has been the most amazing, involved and loving parent anyone could ever ask for, and we've always been really close, so she knew how much saying that would just destroy me.

My mom and I have had our fights in the past and gone for periods of time not talking because of it. Our last fight in November came about because she was in a bad mood, and i was talking about helping her move her number to my cell phone plan, and suddenly she starts saying things about how she knows if I get mad at her, I'll cut off her phone or something because, "You're just that kind of vindictive, sneaky person." I've never done anything like that, and she started saying these things to me in front of my kids. I told her I wasn't going to put up with her talking like that about me, to which she started screaming that she has every right to say whatever the fuck she wants. She went into my daughter's room, and a few minutes later, I could hear her on the phone with my grandmother, telling her she can't believe how disrespectful and ungrateful I am after all she did for me in my life, and I heard her encouraging my 8 year old to chime in with her. I went into the room and told her that's absolutely not okay to involve my daughter, and she again started screaming at me about how I needed to get away from her and she'd say whatever she want. She left, and we haven't spoken since. 

My kids love her, and I get that. She's their grandmother. But I think of the way she's acted on ANY special occasion in my life, which is annoyed or irritated, as though she's mad I'm getting any type of recognition or praise. She makes the event about her and how I've pissed her off. My grandmother thinks I should just suck it up and apologize, because she thinks I'll regret not having her there for my wedding. I just don't feel like I want to deal with what I know will be her ridiculous demands on that day. She'll demand not to be seated near my dad, she'll make someone drive her back to the hotel from the reception early because she doesn't want to be around my dad, she'll make snarky comments about my dress or the decorations or something else. Again, I know my kids want her to come, but I just don't know. 

So, WIBTA for not wanting to invite my mom to my wedding even though my kids are hoping she'll come?