Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITAH for arguing with my husband because he always spoils our daughter and undermines me?
Author: Odd_Height501
Score: 57
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 09:16:09
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i777vj/aitah_for_arguing_with_my_husband_because_he/

I (F) honestly don’t even know if I’m in the right here, but I feel like I’m losing control in my own house. My husband (M) and I have a 12-year-old daughter, Emma, and she’s a good kid, don’t get me wrong, but the way my husband treats her is driving me crazy.

He spoils her rotten. It’s like every time a new phone comes out, she’s got it in her hands within a week. iPads, gaming consoles, the latest sneakers you name it, she’s got it. Half the time she doesn’t even ask for these things; he just gets them for her because he thinks she’ll like it. I’ve tried to talk to him about this a million times, saying she needs to learn the value of money, but he always says, “She’s only young once” or “I just want to see her happy.”

But it’s not just the stuff. He constantly goes over my head when it comes to parenting. Like, I’ll tell her to clean her room or put away her laundry, and she’ll whine about it. Instead of backing me up, he’ll jump in and say, “Don’t worry about it, sweetheart. I’ll do it.” And then he does! He literally cleaned her room last week while she was sitting on her bed watching TikToks.

Last night was kind of the final straw for me. Emma had a school project that she left until the last minute (as usual), and I told her she had to stay up and finish it, even though she was complaining about being tired. I told her this was her responsibility, and she needed to learn to manage her time better. But then my husband swoops in and goes, “It’s fine, she can finish it tomorrow morning,” and THEN he sits down and starts helping her with it while she’s just sitting there doing nothing.

I lost it. I told him he’s teaching her to be lazy and that she’s never going to learn to do anything for herself if he keeps babying her like this. He fired back saying I’m “too hard on her” and that I’m making her childhood miserable. He actually said I’m acting like a drill sergeant! I told him he’s the one who’s going to regret this when she grows up thinking the world owes her everything.

Now he’s barely speaking to me, and Emma’s upset with me because “Daddy’s mad” and apparently it’s all my fault. I feel like I’m the only one trying to actually parent here, but now I’m wondering if I’m being too harsh. I don’t want her to look back and feel like I was the bad guy in her childhood, but at the same time, I don’t want her growing up spoiled and entitled.

So... AITAH? Should I just let it go and let my husband do things his way? Or am I right to be upset?