Subreddit: AITAH
Title: Is it strange my fiancé hid she did hard drugs at a bachelorette party?
Author: Security-Life
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 08:12:11
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i76e6t/is_it_strange_my_fiancé_hid_she_did_hard_drugs_at/

My fiancé and I have an epic relationship. I’ve never had any reason to distrust her at all.

She recently went to a bachelorette party in Spain. Strippers, partying, the whole nine. Doesn’t bug me! I just ask her to text me to let me know she’s home safe.

While there, she told me a funny story about multiple girls doing a drug that rhymes with snowkane and asking her to keep a secret. It is humorous. Girls all doing the same thing worried about judgment from everyone else. My fiancé was the confidant apparently.

Months later, we’re at this wedding and while tipsy at dinner, it slips out somehow she too did snowkane on that trip. I found this strange. I wouldn’t have cared but neither of us do drugs really at all so it was odd she never mentioned it. Particularly when she told me this whole story about everyone else.

She then appeared like she was backpeddling and said “I told them I’d try it first to make sure it wasn’t poisonous”

Like she’s the first spin on Russian Roulette? That makes no fucking sense.

She claims it was a joke and to be fair, she may have been joking and I was startled and didn’t pick up on the humour. But I don’t know. 

Then she appeared to backpedal once more and said she only did one bump. This isn’t typically a drug most people do “once” during an evening out if it’s available.

Anyways, for the first time, it appeared like my fiancé wasn't being honest and my world started spinning. When you’ve always had 100% trust for someone and for the first time it seems like they’re hiding something - at a bachelorette party of all places - it sends you for a loop. 

Is this the big moment I find out she has a skeleton in the closet?  I’ve never once remotely suspected she’d be unfaithful but you can’t help but wonder.

I excused myself from the table nicely to not make a scene, went for a little walk to calm down, then texted her asking if she could come outside and clear this up quick.

I was hoping for nothing more than

I didn’t want you to judge me
I didn’t want you to worry
I didn’t want a lecture about drug safety
Ah! I forgot to tell you. I get why that would have seemed strange. Trust me it wasn’t a big deal.

Simple reassurance would’ve been fine

Instead she immediately blew up on me, as if I was starting drama at her best friend’s wedding over nothing and how dare I not trust her when she’s never given me a reason.

I understand feeling accused when you’re not guilty is frustrating but when the optics are this strange, I believe most should be willing to clarify.

She denies there was anything weird about these optics. “There was so many fun stories from that weekend, so many more interesting things to talk about, it’s pointless, I didn’t think it was a story worth mentioning, etc”

I’ll say “Yeah but when you literally told me stories about other people doing drugs, would it not be natural to say you too did drugs?”

That went in circles.

Eventually I dropped it to ensure her night wasn’t ruined and went back in, and we had a pleasant evening partying until 3am.

The next day I wanted us to meet each other halfway. I validated her experience. I hate that I created a bad memory on a special night for her. I know I’d feel defensive about undeserved accusations. I get that.

At the same time, I did not want the narrative to be that I was some irrational emotionally insecure idiot. I believe my response was completely reasonable. Anyone with two brain cells would feel like they were being strung a line of BS in that moment.

I also don’t think I did anything wrong by nicely excusing myself and asking her to clear it up quick. This could’ve been a 30 second convo. Unfortunately, she blew up on me and so THEN it became a fight then went on for an hour that night rather than it just being resolved.

Today, she says:

1. I was wrong to bring it up that night. I should’ve slapped on a fake smile and addressed weeks later after we flew home to ensure her trip wasn’t impacted. 

2. She won’t meet me halfway to say “I understand why you felt unsettled in that moment”. In her mind, any skepticism was unreasonable.

She’s forcing me to eat 100% of the blame for this fight rather than us both saying we acted reasonably based on our perceptions at the time.

Am I the asshole?
