Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITA for complaining about my friends' behavior
Author: Western_Panda_5981
Score: 0
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 00:17:36
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i6xrk2/aita_for_complaining_about_my_friends_behavior/

I (15f) used to be in a group of friends consisting of 6 people from school including me (Jasmine, Freya, Faith, Kate, Emily). We had a few arguments in the past where they were in the wrong but I looked past it. So I was really close with Jasmine and would vent to her and she would do the same.

So lately I was facing a problem with them which was that they planned to go out to Freya’s house which I wasn't allowed to go.

However, no one else in the group faced that problem so I told them the first time they could go  
without me. But then they kept planning more hangouts at Freya's house and wouldn't change the place. They would also keep talking about the events that happened there in front of me.

So when they were going to plan for a fifth time. I kinda became over-dramatic and left the group chat  
we had.

So the person who asked why first was Jasmine and I told her that Freya would plan hangouts at her  
house although she knew I couldn't come. I also told her Faith keeps leaving me out and the whole group would split up and i would be left behind. but the person who would leave me out the most was Faith. And her response was that houses were more comfortable and I should talk to faith.

I want to say after I told Jasmine this she went and screen shotted the conversation (i didn't know at  
the time) to them even though i told her not to tell anyone i was upset.

A few hours went by and Kate and Freya asked me why I left (idk if it was because jasmine sent them  
that screenshot but anyway) and I told her what I told Jasmine except the Faith part.

I didn't tell Faith at the time because she also left me out but with another friend not from the friend group and I told her abt it and she said she would change etc. But nothing rlly changed and i was going to tell Faith but i didnt want to tell her then because i get really nervous confronting ppl which is a flaw im fixing.

So then the next day at school, they come to me as a grp and say they wanted to talk to me.

they asked me why i was talking behind their backs. I was confused and I then started to cry and then  
started to feel maybe i was wrong.

I apologized to them but what really confused me that why did Jasmine go screenshot the chat although  
she also vented abt them many times before. I texted her and she ignored the msg so i dropped her.

So I'm currently in a weird situation where we would sit us 6 together but me and Jasmine ignore each  
other. Freya asked me abt a month ago that they wanted to see a movie but i didnt want to go so i said no.

But then i find out that they started to plan to go to places without me not only to her house but  
others. I asked her why she didnt tell me, she said she knew i couldnt come so thats why she didnt offer (I couldve went to the other hangout btw just not the house one) And also why did she ask me the first time when they were going to go to see a movie? We haven’t been texting for a week and i always text first.

But AITA?