Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITAH for telling my mum to prioritise me over my step sister in this situation?
Author: Honeydew142
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 09:52:55
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i77op6/aitah_for_telling_my_mum_to_prioritise_me_over_my/

I (26) am currently pregnant with twins, and I'm having a c-section next Friday.
My Step sister (28) is getting married on that day. 
It's unfortunate that the dates has played out like this, and also the times, when i'm going down for the c-section, my step sister will basically be going down the aisle. The times and dates cannot be changed. 

My step-sister is very understanding of the situation, as it can't be helped, but its my mum who's kicking up a big fuss over it. My mum has been married to be step dad for 15 years. We're all close, which is nice. But lately my mum has been really upset that she won't get to see my step sister get married, because i want her there wuen i have the twins. I UNDERSTAND this, really I do. But the way she's been going on about it continously has been making ME feel like I'm a huge inconvenience. I mean, no offence to my step sis, but my mum is talking like she'd rather prioritise her non-blood child's wedding, over her blood child's babies being born. My step sister has told her multiple times that it's OK, and that is is what it is and that she understands. But my mum just keep going on about it.

I feel like I should be prioritised? That's not to say that my step sis's wedding isn't important, as it is. But she's my mother, and I guess I want her to WANT to be with me rather than be at the wedding, and the whole thing is making me feel like shit. I even told her after the twins are born and I'm settled, she can then go to the wedding reception. And she just says "I guess." 

After the last week of her complaining, I finally said something. I told her I don't feel very prioritised, and I should be. And she just said "Oh don't say all that, I feel shitty enough as it is." I said step sis has expressed to you that she understands, and she said "That's not the point." So I said, then what IS the point? Because right now I feel like an inconvenience, and that you'd rather want to be at her wedding than the birth of your grandchildren, I need you there with with, I WANT you there with me, and to WANT to be there. 

I now starting to feel like abit of an asshole though, which is why I'm here. Because I *personally* don't feel like I SHOULD feel that way. I understand that there may be people in the comments that think I am, and that's fine if you do. But am I *really*  the AH? For feeling how I do?

