Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITA for not going on family vacation?
Author: td55478
Score: 2021
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 00:07:21
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i6xixz/aita_for_not_going_on_family_vacation/


I (33f) am the only single, childless person in my family. My siblings are in relationships and have kids. 

We’re planning family vacation and discussing sleeping situations & cost for the cabin we’ll share this summer. I would have to share a room with my parents. I don’t really mind sharing but would love to have my own space. Unfortunately, that isn’t possible where we vacation. Cost is cabin + pet fee, divided by couple but they want me to pay the same amount they are paying. 

Considering it’s just me and I won’t have my own space for my only vacation of the year, I don’t think I should have to pay the same amount as everyone else. I could go have a quiet vacation solo for the same price. They’ll also calculate food cost and divide it evenly. I’m truly not asking for a big discount lol. 

Most of my family isn’t chiming in but a couple of them are saying “that’s not how it works in the real world” when I’ve said I don’t believe that’s fair. 

Am I the asshole for telling them I don’t want to go?

More context: I work with kids and do not get PTO. I have chronic pain & get overstimulated quickly so I’m always disappearing for a bit to reset myself mentally during family functions. I’m also the only person that doesn’t drink and am kind of an outsider in my family because of that and political views so there tends to be a lot of what feels like them ganging up on me. I’ve been told “we do it every day, it’s your turn” in regards to taking care of the kids numerous times at gatherings. My response is always that I would have kids if I wanted to do it every day. They seem to think I don’t deserve to relax because I’ve decided not to have children. I hate missing out on time with the kids but know I would 100% end up taking care of them (all under 3yo) while the rest of the adults drink and it wouldn’t be much of a vacation for me. I didn’t go last year for this reason. 