Subreddit: buildapc
Title: Best closed back headset/headphones for gaming (up to 250$)
Author: Status_Reality6780
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 09:20:50
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/comments/1i779y6/best_closed_back_headsetheadphones_for_gaming_up/

Greetings!  
So I've been really struggling for the past two weeks not being able to choose which headphones/headset to buy. I wanted to buy one primarily for gaming but it would be really nice if music quality was also decent. I play a lot of singleplayer story-driven games, a lot of different coop games. When it comes to competitive gaming I mostly play Valorant, but who knows what I might try next. I'm looking for either headset or headphones, I have Blue Yeti, so I don't really need headset mic.  
I've been using SteelSeries Arctis 9 for the past couple of years and they broke recently. I had no complaints about them, but some people had told me they sound terrible. I am no audiophile, so they were fine to me (I had nothing to compare them to).  
I've been using Logitech G Pro X for 2 weeks now and my experience has been miserable. They sound better then Arctis, but after 2 hours of using them (gaming or just watching movies/listening to music) I get a pretty strong headache and my ears start to hurt (which was never a case with Arctis, I had 12 hour gaming sessions without any discomfort). So I decided to buy something more comfortable and, preferrably, with objectively better sound.  
I prefer having a wireless headset, but wouldn't mind going for wired one, if it's really good and wire doesn't make too much noise.  
I was watching a lot of video-reviews of HyperX headsets. Mostly of HyperX Cloud III and HyperX Cloud Alpha (both wired and wireless versions). Almost everyone said that they're very comfortable and sound very decent for their price.  
I've also been recommended to buy Audio-Technica ATH-M50X, since they sound just great and are, as I've been told, comfortable.  
I also thought about purchasing Razer BlackShark V2 Pro (or wired), but that's the least interesting one for me.  
Then I decided to read reviews on my local marketplaces. A lot of people have been struggling with HyperX sound quality, saying that it's bad even for gaming, terrible for music/movies and very quiet. ATH-M50X is great for music and movies, but not that good for gaming and people get tired after 2hrs of usage. BlackSharks, as I've read, are just not that good all around.  
Also, reddit seems to like HD 560S.  
In short, priorities are Comfort>Sound quality for gaming>=Sound quality for music/movies>Wireless.  
In advance, thanks for your advices!