Subreddit: MapPorn
Title: Mapping the CFB Playoff Teams - Player hometowns! [OC!]
Author: Ok_Chef_8775
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 02:04:10
URL: https://i.redd.it/zc6iw6tldgee1.jpeg


So I have long been interested in the geographies of athletics (and the post of colleges across the US prompted me to finish this finally) and perhaps no sport has seen the landscape change more than college football.  As this year's expanded college football playoff began, I wanted to see the distribution and concentration of the entire (all 12 teams) playoff roster - especially as teams like Boise St and SMU differ from traditional finalists.  

The shading of the map represents the number of players from that state/country, while the dots & their size shows the number of players from each city. It would be interesting to compare this to the last 12 playoff teams, and I wonder how much of an influence smaller schools made on the distribution of players.  Even schools like ND differ from the recruiting strategies of a Georgia or ASU. 

Takeaways:
1. I wanted to honor all the players' journeys to their university, so I included all hometowns, but after making the map, I wonder how the metro areas altogether compare.  For example, look at the suburbs around cities like Dallas and LA, which all represent individual cities/towns that players come from.  This map understates the contributions of "metro areas" to the playoff rosters.  Note: this also illustrates the fragmentation of our urban landscapes as cities don't annex new land and suburbs break away!

2. Traditional recruiting hotspots continue to dominate the college football landscape. California (despite no teams!), Texas, Georgia and Florida are the four top states, and contain most cities with 10+ players.  I guess I expected NYC to have more of a footprint than they do, and states like Hawaii have surprisingly high totals.

3. Earlier, I saw a post about the distribution of all universities (credit to the OC, that was awesome!), and the distribution of college players is closely aligned with that one!  There's a "v" you can draw from Chicago to Austin/San Antonio then to Portland/Seattle with maybe 20 players inside of it!  I do want to eventually see how many players come from urban vs rural classified areas, but obviously this map is extremely population dependent.


Thoughts?  Any states or cities that surprise you? Do you see your home town on the map, if so, did you know there was a player in the CFB Playoff