Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITA for telling my mother that she gained weight too?
Author: Coochieman0905
Score: 32
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 03:50:23
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i729gg/aita_for_telling_my_mother_that_she_gained_weight/

I (21F) lives with my mom(51F) and dad and my 2 siblings + their kids( they are not really relevant to the story).

I grew up pretty “skinny” and when i turned 19 i gained a small amount of weight. I was forced to babysit my new born niece for 7 months and i got super depressed in that time so naturally i started gaining even more weight. I also gained even more weight because i turned 20+. 

My mother berates every single thing i eat. I habe been super insecure about my weight and i have been trying to lose weight but my family is dysfunctional and i lose motivation really quickly. I went to cook a small portion of rice and she got upset at me. She began calling me names and saying that’s why id never lose weight because im eating like a pig. I am also really insecure about my breasts and she brought them up as well. I tried not to care but it honestly really hurt me. I told her let me worry about my own weight and she can worry about hers. She got even more upset and told me even worse things. I got frustrated and i told her that i don’t tell her those kinds of things when she feels like she gained weight. She called me disrespectful. I am so confused. She told my siblings that she is done with me and she is no longer going to “help” me again. And that she is so happy that we are not on speaking terms anymore.

For context she has done absolutely nothing to help me. Ive been struggling to get a job for ages because you need experience for everything and the last job I finally got she told me to leave it. She’s been focused on my two other sisters who have done so much worse than ive done. One lied about going to college that my mom paid for( she doesn’t know), stole money, called her a b word, prayed to god that she’d die and so much more. I have never done any of that but yet still she hates me this much. Im starting to feel gaslit. 

Was I wrong? Am i the asshole for telling her this. I can give more context if needed. 