Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITAH for suggesting that my brother and his wife pay rent to my mom? (LONG, and I mean that)
Author: ____unloved____
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 06:52:33
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i75av2/aitah_for_suggesting_that_my_brother_and_his_wife/

Note: I'm marking this NSFW just for propriety's sake, and there are brief mentions of triggery things and mentions of false allegations of triggery things throughout.

Ok, there is an absolute fuckton of history and nonsense to unpack here, and I'm probably going to miss some things. Well, I have ADHD so it's pretty much a given. Anyway, our characters are:

Mom (59F)  
Sis (40F)  
Me (33F)  
Bro (26M)  
Wife (26F)

Bro, Sis, and I are all half siblings. Mom is our common parent.

Bro had a rough childhood. When his paternal grandmother died, his abusive, alcoholic dad inherited quite a bit of money and it was used to buy their home. Mom felt trapped by not only her guilt at falling for a con man, but her financial status constantly being drained by his drinking, despite her working. The business she's working at announces shut down, and she takes it over in desperation. She's suddenly able to pay the bills and save up to getting them to a better place, but managing it all, and probably some influence from Sis who was already on the path, led to her going down the nasty path of a pain pill addiction.

Bro's dad was drinking the days and nights away in a recliner in front of the TV, yelling at people and throwing things. He'd chase you down and try to hit Bro when he still had two legs, but somewhere along the line his alcoholism led to him losing his legs at the knees? Probably didn't help that he always sat in that damn recliner. He lost one, then the other. Still didn't quit drinking, though. Or sitting in that damn recliner.

He didn't try to hit Bro while I was around, though. I made sure of that. To get to Bro, he had to go through me--and if he did *that*, my dad would have absolutely destroyed him, and we all knew it. All this to say, I love my brother, and I don't think just one party is to blame in the bigger picture.

Mom took out another loan on the house. Finances had been blown, partially addiction and partially bad business management. It was a hail mary for her. Business goes under eventually, though, and Mom's left with a mountain of debt and, eventually, bankruptcy. Bro's dad died (oh no... anyway) and eventually Mom moved her boyfriend in for a couple of years until he bought a new house and moved there.

Throughout all of this, Mom was constantly getting Sis out of scrapes and supporting her through as best she could, and Bro (and Wife) are extremely resentful that Mom "gave" them such a "beat up" car (it's **cosmetic**, other than the mileage, but *who complains about a free car?!*) that she let Sis use so much. Mom starts the process of getting clean, and I'm proud to say she's done great. She's graduating from her long-term program soon (a program they've kept her on for far too long, but that's another post).

Are you wondering why all of the history was relevant? Well, that's because it's a brief summary of all of the big reasons why Bro and Wife don't feel the need to pay Mom rent after kicking her out of her home. So, here's what happened:

Bro grows up, gets a gf. She starts staying over, and eventually moves in. They're like 18 at that point. Well, a few years later Mom's at work when she gets a message that they packed up her stuff and put it in front of her boyfriend's front door (where she would stay a few nights a week sometimes, and sometimes not at all during a week). No one had talked about her moving out other than vague future plans that they had. Their defense was that the house was to go to Bro when Mom died anyway, so... why not go ahead and take it over?

Meanwhile, I'm living 3 hours away and Mom decides not to say anything to me because she didn't want to add to my burdens or stir the pot. Sis follows her lead and doesn't mention it, either. Her boyfriend wasn't happy about her suddenly being abandoned on his doorstep, so to speak, and I say "gave" about the car because it was more like they used it more and more and eventually took it over, ending in them dropping her off at work and then packing her stuff while she was there. She continued paying the car insurance, home owner's insurance, and mortgage.

Within a couple of years she needed major surgery and her boyfriend dumped her, forcing her to go back to living with her 70+ year old mom (who wasn't happy about it) or be homeless. Throughout all this time, she has paid their way other than their utilities and whatever else they buy. She just accepted it all, mostly because she has guilt over his childhood and she thinks he's emotionally and mentally delicate. He himself has stated that he has ADHD and lacks the ability to properly form emotional connections (he's been going to therapy), but nothing to suggest in either his words or our experiences to indicate that he's mentally deficient or more delicate than any other person with such a past.

Anyway, Mom's on doctor's orders to be bed-bound to heal her broken hip that she'd been walking on for months, and it was a long recovery. During this time, something big happens. Mom would occasionally butt heads with Bro and Wife, with Bro it was almost always over religion or her pissing Wife off, and with Wife it was just because Wife was still young enough to get angry instead of exert authority when it comes to stuff like "No, I'd rather the towing company come at X time" when Mom's arranging for something to be picked up. But nothing like what happened during her recovery. I also pissed them off a couple of days before, but I don't know if that's what triggered this or not.

{{For the curious, or for those who hate stuff being left out: It was dumb, really. I've had mail sent to Mom's address (now "their" address, though not legally, since it's still in Mom's name) for years, and one some of the mail is incredibly private and personal, and very visibly addressed to me. Well, this mail had been delivered to Mom to give to me, and it was already open. Mom told them that it wasn't cool to open my mail, and Wife responded that they had the right to open any mail that came to their address. I simply sent them a message stating that anything of mine that arrived there was explicitly not to be opened and to be marked return to sender if they couldn't deliver it unopened, and changed my address with that sender (and I hadn't done so until that point because I moved around a lot). They immediately wanted to know if Mom told me they opened the mail, because before that any opened mail would be given to me with the explanation of "already damaged".}}

A few days after, Mom receives notice that she's been served with a temporary restraining order, filed by Wife and including their two boys. Then a couple of days after that, someone from social services informed her that Wife filed a complaint accusing Mom of sexual misconduct against her toddler boys, whom she hadn't seen in weeks or been alone with for months (which is why I thought the timing was strange). The investigation was pretty quickly closed, but it still could have had a serious impact on someone who, for all her flaws, would sooner step in front of a train than do something of that nature.

Part of me wonders if it wasn't a ploy thinking that perhaps if Mom went to jail, the house would get put in Bro's name, which is something I knew they were actively trying to do while keeping Mom responsible for the loan (I stayed with them when I moved states, and *oh boy* the things they would say/complain about). Maybe they're not smart enough to realize they'd have to foot the bill, then? I don't know, but even they know they were full of crap. They've been happy enough to pick up gifts from Mom and they certainly don't have her blocked. Bro's messages are always very vague, too, when Mom brings the allegations up, and he says things like "whether you did or didn't do anything doesn't matter, I was done with the family anyway".

So... Mom's still footing the bill. She pays the mortgage and the home owner's insurance, anyway. Her mom's health is declining and her brother has already declared that he's kicking her out when their mom goes, so she's living in fear of not only losing her mom, but her shelter. She's just recently started back work (it's been about a year now since her hip diagnosis? a little less, maybe), and she has a mountain of debt. She still wants to reach out to Bro and mend the relationship. I think Bro would appreciate me saying in his defense that she needs to quit trying to entice him to worship the Christian god rather than the Norse one he's currently enjoying, and she needs to take more accountability for how her actions of fear (think bubble boy "I need to keep you safe" type, not "ahh, spider" type) stunted his growth and opportunities as a child. I'm certainly not blind to Mom's faults and she knows it, because I'm the first to call her out and stand up for him.

But in this... I really feel like they should be paying her rent if she's not going to get to stay there. She broached "moving back in" long ago, and they straight up told her there wasn't enough room for her. She is, I believe, legally entitled to become their landlord and I think she should do it. She thinks that it's putting too much pressure on him to provide. AITAH?

P.S. Bro/Wife--if y'all read this, since y'all are online as much as I am, feel free to add anything I left out. I added as much as possible to be as unbiased as possible, but I'm still mad at y'all for kicking her out in the first place so I'm sure that'll shine through.

