Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITA For threatening to kill my sister’s rooster?
Author: XandraOrionGaming
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 07:36:26
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i75wvz/aita_for_threatening_to_kill_my_sisters_rooster/

So I (15F) just recently had a scare in my life. Bit of background information: I’ve had a rooster for almost a year now, his name is Kate. I named Kate before I knew he was a rooster, but he was too old to change his name, so his full name is Katelyn Jenner. He’s a super sweet boy and a ladies man. Kate has a hen we call his wife, her name is Pepper. Kate is VERY protective of Pepper to the point he’s attacked my sister’s rooster when he tries to mount her. He also clucks loudly when he finds/receives food so Pepper can get some too. Kate is almost smaller than Pepper due to some happenings earlier in his life. I am VERY protective of Kate. Only a couple months before I got him my hen died, and she was the best. When Kate was a baby he looked EXACTLY like my late hen, and because my sisters dog kept trying to eat him, I bought him to save him.

The other day I got home from town with my mother to find Kate covered in blood (He’s a white chicken so it was easy to tell how bad it was) and I immediately rushed to his aid. Only minutes before I had been talking to my mother about eating my sisters rooster because he’s attacked basically everyone and bullies Kate. My mother said no. Well, I took Kate in the house and into the bathroom, starting to clean him up and assess the damage. By the time the bath was over I was informed my sisters rooster was in pretty rough shape too, so Kate had done well at holding his own. After the bath Kate was just out of it (I’m guessing from shock) and so I took him to my room and set up my rabbit cage for him to stay in as it was unoccupied. After that I put Pepper with him, and they snuggled. I turned my heater on and put it a short distance from the cage to warm Kate up since he was still pretty wet, then went in the house to go babysit my nephew’s. The entire time I wanted to just go in my room and hold Kate, and cry. I was terrified of losing him, but also was so glad I had found him alive. When my sister got back I showed her Kate and she thought a dog got him (it didn’t look like a dog attacked him, she’s just not super knowledgeable about the animals she owns). I said that no, it was her rooster, and then made the remark that if Kate didn’t make it neither would her rooster, and I didn’t care what the consequences would be after I took action. My sister went quiet and I assumed she didn’t like the remark, but at the time I really didn’t care as I was fearing for my rooster’s life. Well it’s almost a week after the incident and Kate is alive, though he’s definitely going to have some really bad scarring. 

My sister is looking to sell her rooster, and though I feel a bit bad for the remark, I haven’t apologized because I’m really not sorry. If Kate had died it would have crushed me, and I would have killed her rooster. I also may have yelled at her for putting the two together, especially since I’ve made it clear I’d prefer him to be free range so he understood property boundaries a bit better. Her rooster is being isolated from Kate, Pepper, and the other hen, and while I feel a bit bad for him, he almost took my chickens life. I’ve been trying to set up a separate area for Kate and Pepper so the other rooster can be around the other hen, however my BIL keeps taking down any fencing I get up, and I’m honestly getting fed up. 

So Reddit, AITA?