Subreddit: classicwow
Title: My Bad Opinion No One Asked For
Author: Quantumdrive95
Score: 0
Created UTC: 2025-01-21 23:26:14
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/comments/1i6wmu2/my_bad_opinion_no_one_asked_for/

so i discovered WoW in the TBC phase; and i recognize that all of my opinions are fueled by nostalgia at this point in my life.

With anniversary i have been 'reliving it for the first time', and now realize TBC and WotLK are essentially *already* planned during Vanilla. 

Or rather, the books in game clearly describe these places, explain why they are the way they are, and so now Outlands doesnt seem quite so contrived to me, and Northrend feels like the obvious thing that *had to happen*

And thats fantastic; but following that, things went off the rails (in my view) and i found my self drifting from the game, during MoP

What *I* think they should do is scrap everything after Wrath, and focus on the story they have built for themselves

Furbolg tribes in civil war, maybe new quests and factions in Ashenvale and Felwood? Defias has been neutralized but its a symptom of a larger disease, there should be dramatic political fallout to these events, maybe Westfall breaks away as a hotbed of former Defias?

There is a 'new horde' in Vanilla, composed of Furbolg, Defias, Venture Co, and Quillboar, with a neutral Scarlet Crusade; these entities are being manipulated by shadow forces against the beings of Azeroth, and they are who we *ally* with the Horde to fight against when *we do* merge efforts.

Maybe bite into that hunk of meat dangling in front of us? how cool would it be to play as a Ventur Co merc/treasure hunter, or a Defias Cutpurse rogue? or a Furbolg druid?

How interesting might the stories be that can be told, even half told, in these sorts of events? To me it feels endless

The Orcs have finally been driven from The Wetlands, the Quillboar are a rising nation that needs to be assimilated. The long march to rebuild has begun in the Plauge Lands. Orcs and Trolls, no longer allies of necessity with Tauren, now face the reality they are strangers in a strange land. Felwood and Ashenvale can finally be cleansed of demonic forces, and Furbolg can once again be friends of the Elves

The world crafted in Vanilla does an amazing job at building a world, *from the view of humans*. What they needed to do was go in and start fleshing out the world as viewed by Dwarves, or Elves, or the Horde in general and the Undead in particular.

It feels like the majesty of WoW is lost if you dont play Human, and it can be lost for the forest if *you do* play human. The map is huge, its full of new stories to tell

and ultimately, thats what we all came for, a unique and new adventure every time

but like Pokemon, its not *actually* possible to have a particularly unique experience, with limited avenues of success and quest hubs.

As it stands, if you ignored STV and Tanaris you are ignoring *almost all* of your mid level Exp, with other zones being flavor but not substance along the way.

And so in my bad opinion no one asked for, i think the world of WoW is large enough, but not dense enough; end game is over saturated, and mid game is repetitive across toons. Rather than new level caps and raids, I want new play through experiences, that synergize with whats already on the table.

Not in replace of new endgame and raids, but in addition to