Subreddit: OnePiece
Title: Full One Piece Review After Watching For The First Time(Excluding Egghead)
Author: No_Sweat53
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 05:51:17
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/OnePiece/comments/1i74du5/full_one_piece_review_after_watching_for_the/

With any review comes spoilers so be aware of that.

This is gonna be pretty in depth going thru each of the straw hats characters and each arc(some may be clumped together because of length/overall story impact and excludes filler)

I haven't watched many anime, really only 7 deadly sins. SAO, Solo Levelling, JJK, and the start of Naruto, so right off the bat I have to say this is my fav anime I have watched, that will probably change but as of now it is my favorite

Romance Dawn Arc: 

So I'm gonna do character analysis when they're introduced so we will start with Luffy

Luffy: 
Luffys Character is the perfect representation of freedom. I think Oda likes to run themes of Pirates being associated with freedom and the WG/Navy being associated with Control, which I don't think is a crazy take. I like that luffys Character is impulsive and Goofy because in terms of freedom why not be that way. I wouldn't really say the start of his development is until Alabasta because a lot of the start is just recruiting and getting to the Grand Line, and the reoccurring instances of him literally putting his life on the line to Save his friends is when I would say it starts. I'm fine with a lot of the plot armour because since it's revealed for him to have CQC Haki and The Voice of All Things since he naturally attracts people him being saved a lot does kinda help develop that plot armour to be in Character, but I don't like some of them like in his fight with Katakuri when Brulee was just conveniently there. His power scaling is almost perfect just because he only develops his abilities when he feels that he Is too weak for his future enemies and he can't save his friends. Overall I'm probably missing some things but I think in the world of OP, Luffy couldn't be a better character.

Zoro: 
Boy oh Boy where do I start. Zoro has consistently been my fav Character because of his aura and development. I do in fact think that zoro has some really good development despite his relative lack of backstory and here's why. He goes from being this very one dimentional guy just wanting to be the strongest swordsman, and then when he loses to Milhawk I think he begins to shift to a more piratey guy embracing the pirate lifestyle, and then he becomes the perfect opposite to luffy, keeping him in check from luffys impusivness to do things and acts kinda as luffys asvisor. His CQC reveal was amazing and I love his TS training with Milhawk and I wouldn't be suprised if he is able to black blade all of his swords. I love his character beyond just his fights and I love his stupid sense of direction. I think that sometimes his luck although small compared to other OP characters can be annoying and sometimes his fights with sanji can feel unessesary unlike some other times they fight.

Overall this arc isn't too crazy cuz it's just introductory but I do like the introduction of coby and I really hope he is able to unlock CQC as well and he has a really cool fight with luffy in the final war.

Orange County: 
I do not like this arc for the sole reason because I HATE Buggy. He is an example of a gimmic/comedy character done wrong. Like in Impel down when everything he says just coincidentally comes true and the over glazing of his subordinates just annoys the hell out of me. I'm fine if there is a comedy character but the insane luck factors need to be toned down.

Syrup Village:

Usopp:

I am so disappointed with Usopp. He has so much potential to have this development from a crybaby scared coward to a sniper that is brave and faces his challenges with courage, but no, oda just had to make him the most useless character in OP. I cried 5 times during the whole of OP, and one of those was during Usopp and Luffys fight because of how courageous Usopp was even tho he knew he was going to lose and then when he became sogeking I was also happy to see him facing challenges head on and not squirming his way away from them. His fight with perona was so good. And then post TS came, and oda decided that everyone but usopp will upgrade. What the fuck was his training during TS for then. He trained in a completely violent island with Hercules and what he gets less courageous. His character just pisses me off. I wish there was more from him when he was with dobby and broggy. His fights and gimmicks with sugar were awsome, as stupid as the were, and he gets OBS and then immediately forgets it. He uses one attack and then never uses it again. Man I want to love usopp but I can't because of how much oda has ruined his character, and although I'm doubtful, I hope something happens with usopp and loki in elbaf to where he has to suck it up in order to save the straw hats.

Overall it's a mid to lame arc where the only exciting thing that happens is the going merry

Baratie Arc: 

Sanji: 
Sanji has a mixed place in my hard. His gooning over women Is funny yet annoying. He has some of the best fights yet half the time he doesn't even fight anyone. He has great character development yet 2 days later he regressed. His fights with zoro are funny and annoying at the same time. He is so wishy washy in the way he is written that it makes me laugh and annoys me at the same time. However, I have really liked his character from Whole Cake on just because of with Germa and how different he is from them and his character trying to be as far away from their personalities as possible. I think that he will unlock CQC because he wants to find the all blue and I think that will make him the "king" of chefs perse which I think will help him in that case.

I really liked Baratie between sanji joining and zoro losing to milhawk and realizing he needs to train more. I think zoro crying here really exemplified how much he wants to become the strongest swordsman.

Along Park:
 
9th favorite arc
Nami: 
I did Nami here cuz she actually joins here, and I like her a lot over Usopp. She is also the coward of the group but she also doesn't hold back at telling her crew that. She is a theif at heart and I love that a lot of times she will use her body and thievery to get what she wants because most of the time it is quite funny. I think for her character unlike a lot of others making her hot fits because she doesn't hide that fact. I wish we saw more of her maps because it feels like her dream isn't shown a ton. I do like her clima tack with zeus just because it's a really unique way to give combat to a weather woman and I hope to see more power from it because zeus Is now with her.

This was really when OP took off for me. This was the first good main villan and fights between zoro, usopp, and sanji. Short and sweet.

Lougetown Arc:
8th favorite 

This was great just because a devil fruit marine took me by suprise, I love smokers character, zoro gets kietsu III, Dragon shows up, Luffy smiles on his deathbed, and Sanjis cooking is shown really well. I like the amount of worldbuilding that happens here and the gearing up for the GL.

Reverse Mountain-Whiskey Peak:

Zoros first badass moment soloing 100 baroque works people, Vivi is introduced which is my fav non strawhat female in OP, but other then that nothing crazy happens, and I think the introduction of Mr. 5 was a little stupid because it made it look like baroque works was really weak for them getting one shot by luffy and zoro. I love laboon because of Brook and there was some GL development but overall it's pretty basic arcs.

Little Garden Arc:

Again, pretty basic, I liked the introduction of Mr. 3, Mr. 5 didn't need to show up again, but my biggest gripe is that Usopp didn't develop despite meeting 2 giant pirate captains

Drum Island:
10th Fav
Chopper: the cutest of the straw hats, I really like Choppers character. I like how he used his medicinal capabilites to increase his zoan abilities, and I do think his monster point is his awakened power, but I wouldn't say he has awakened it yet because he can't use it without a rumble ball. I'm not that big a fan of how much he gets scared especially since during the Davey Jones battle zoro snaps at chopper yet nothing comes from it, and I hope he gets more piratey without losing his charm in the future.

I really liked Drum Island because to me this felt like the first really depressing backstory just because chopper was trying to help. Don't get me wrong Namis was really sad, but Choppers was downright depressing

Arabasra Arc: 
7th Fav
I loved arabasta. A lot of character development from all Straw Hats happens and I think they all contribute equally. Usopp has one of his best fights, Zoro cuts Steel and doesn't cut the leaf which was so badass, Nami used her clima tact which was pretty neat, luffy didn't gain anything but he put his life on the line and that was the first time I truly respected luffy as a mc. I could go on and on about other things of this arc like how cool it was to find out Luffy had a brother, Vivi trying to stay positive despite the cracks in the foundation between Crocodile and Cobra, Ponegliffs, the beginning of government Corruption, and more which all make this a great arc. The one major issue I have is that Pell doesn't die, starting a chain of events where characters that should die don't and vice versa, because it nulled the effect that pells sacrifice was for. I also think the start of the arc pacing wise was slow, because like half of an episode was desert wandering which could have not been added but I diegress.

Jaya:
It's an ok arc, I like the introduction of Nolan, Bellamy was a cool villan, but that's about it. I mean luffy has a really badass moment one shooting Bellamy but nothing crazy happens

Skypea:
Too Long, nice OBS haki introduction, I think there were hints at joyboy or Nika fighting people similar to or just Imu in the Jaya ruins cuz they're from 800 years ago, Enel is an ok villan, I like the world development, Robin finds out about Roger(Oden) being able to read ponegliffs, and that's about it. Also Nami can dodge lightning now so that's pretty cool ig.

Long Ring Long Island:
Never should have existed

Water 7:
3rd Fav Arc
Best Character Development arc there is. I love the robin/CP9 scenarios, the fight between Usopp and Luffy is devastating although I wish Usopp kept using Dials as part of his combat, but I really don't have any issues with this.

Enies Lobby:
Fav Arc
Best paced, some of if not the best fights, Lucci is a great villan, Luffy fucking uses Gear 2 and Gear 3, Zoro Kaku is peak, Copper uses Mstr Point, Usopp as sogeking is the best Usopp is in a single  Arc, Sanji has his second best fight, and overall the emotional wreck I was In this arc was crazy. How can I cry over a fucking boat, couldn't tell you

Post Enies Lobby

Robin: 
Robin is one of my favorite characters partially because she says the darkest shit out of knowhere which is hillarious, but also because she is just like luffy where she turns into a legit demon in wano to protect her friends. I love that Robin is not only essential to the straw hats but also is needed among like all pirate crews, which is really unique and cool. I don't like her design, as having a big of boohs as she has doesn't fit her like basically every female in OP which just annoys the fuck out of me.

Franky: 
I don't have much to say about franky, but the biggest issue I have with him is that he doesn't have a lot of great fights if any and his character development isn't SUPERRRRRRRRRRRRR. I like franky I just wish he was fleshed out a bit more.

I like these arcs because they help flesh out the world while recapping the events that happen during straw hat adventures, and I think that sometimes they aren't used as much as they should.

Thriller Bark:
6th fav

Brook: Yohohoho. Brook is a great character because he is tied into laboon and events before meeting him, and he also is a musician like me which is pretty cool. I love that while he doesn't have any crazy solo fights he is a great supporting fighter. He fucking solos big mom which was badass, he saves Robin and franky In thriller Bark, STEALS 3 FUCKING PONEGLIFFS, and has I believe awakened his devil fruit too because there should be no way for him to use hlls ice. He has such an emotional backstory but that only helps solidify his place on the straw hats which makes me love him even more. I hope that he gets a solo fight at some point just so I can see him in action but non the less I really like his character

This arc is heavily carried by Brook. Only other memorable moments are the fight between zoro and ryuma and perona usopp but other then that... Nothing Happened.

Saboady Archapeligo:
I liked the worst generation intro here because one of my fav Character is from the generation and the use of slaves for more freedom symbolism was really cool and something I didn't even think about. This was also a time when I cried over the split up of the straw hats. Man this arc was pretty cool, and Rayleigh was so sick here.

Amazon Lilly:
This was a great arc for some serious Haki introduction but other then that it wasn't a crazy interesting arc or anything.

Impel Down:
4th fav
Impel down was almost perfect. I didn't like Buggy in this, Mr. 3 was unessesary, but Bon Clay was so good in this arc. His sacrifice at the end was peak, but luffy really was only able to get out due to Ivankov and Jimbe, both amazing characters. Ivan's power is so funny and tbh, I wouldn't mind having the hormone replacements but you didn't hear that from me. Magellan was a perfect character that introduced the multiple enemies that luffy was completely underreported for in the following arc. The biggest issue is pacing again as I think getting to level 6 took a bit too long but it wasn't as bad as other on this list.

Marinefold:
2nd fav
I don't think I need to explain how good this arc is. Aces death was so sad, whitebeard was so cool had one of the best deaths in fiction, it was an arc where luffy was not ready for at all, and then the final part where everyone was either trying to kill or save luffy was so cool. Just peak fiction.

Post Marinefold:
Again a great luffy backstory and arc summarizing the events after and during the marinefold arc

Return to Saboady:
I love luffys introduction to CQC here and then the straw hats beating 2 pacifists only summarized how strong the straw hats had became

Fishman Island:
I liked this arc as an intro to the new world, but again, this was egregiously long for an arc that uninfluential. It was honestly so hard to sit thru just because the only cool things are luffy CQC knocking out 50k Fishman, luffy basically declaring war on big mom, the small joyboy intro, and the relationship between the Fishman nobles and the straw hats.

Punk Hazard: Cezar is a much better comedic villan than Buggy, and I loved the intro to Kin'elon and momonoske. It also was such a cool setting that not only displayed the power of navy admirals but also set up future Hazards that would happen in the new world.

Law: even tho he's not a straw hat he is with the straw hats for like 10 years of anime and manga so I thought I should include him. I think that he is a really interesting character from a pirate perspective being a captain that's a doctor and for also allying with luffy because it gives off a difference between what a typical OP captain is like compared to luffy. He is one of my fav characters because of his chill personality and character and also his devil fruit is so cool.

Dressrossa: Worst pacing ever. The coliseum should have been 15 episodes max, doffy and luffy should have fought way faster, usopp gets ruined in this arc, usopps fight with sugar and that gimmic should have been better, why tf is usopp OBS haki never developed, senor pink does not deserve a pardon for his gentlemanly personality, and there are only like 3 things I like. Kyros's backstory made me cry because of how he never leaves his daughters side, he had to watch his wife die While being a toy, and how much he cared for dressrosa. Laws backstory is even more heartrenching, but that's it. I did like the doffy luffy fight but it was too little too late.

Zou: great summary arc and introduction to Raizo, the Voice of All Things is introduced in full, the minks are cool(I love Cat Viper), and Jack as a beast pirate intro is really cool too.

Whole Cake:
10th fav
Again too long, but Sanji gets redeemed in this arc, luffy v katakuri is imo luffys second best fight, Pedro's sacrifice was so emotionally devastating, and an arc where they don't even try to fight back fairly was really cool. This was also the final time I cried when sanji and luffy fought.

Levely: may be my least favorite arc because of how much recap of post events there is. I did like the intro of Imu tho.

Wano County:
5th fav

Jimbei: While we don't have a ton with Jimbei, I love Jimbei as a down to earth character grounding Luffy back to earth and also putting things into reality like he did with luffy after aces death. I hope we see more of Jimbei develop as a father figure to all the straw hats and as a straw hat himself.

Ok this was an amazing arc. The art style was amazing, the fights between luffy and Kaifo artistically other than like maybe solo leveling were the coolest I've ever seen, the fucking luffy and Kaito almost demonic smiles were cool, zoro and sanji had badass fights, Robin turns into a devil, franky has a somewhat good fight, and that's like it. Again, I actually didn't mind it as much this time but there were pacing problems, I didn't like that usopp didn't do anything, but that's it. Overall this arc was really good imo.


Tldr; I loved one piece and could not stop watching this show. There are some major pacing and character problems, but they feel miniscule because of the story, world building, and family like feel from the straw hats.

Let me know your guyses thoughts on what you agree with or disagree with, excited to hear your guyses thoughts