Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITAH, my (M20) GF (F20) is upset with me for posting pictures of the snowstorm on social media before I sent it to her.
Author: jonlasagna
Score: 124
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 06:56:56
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i75d3p/aitah_my_m20_gf_f20_is_upset_with_me_for_posting/

My (M20) GF (F20) is upset with me for posting pictures of the snowstorm on social media before I sent it to her. Was I really the bad one here?

I’m autistic and I don’t really get certain social cues so I wanted to ask Reddit so see what people would say.

So I’ve been in an LDR relationship with my girlfriend for 8 months. Our time zones are totally different, so our sleep and wake up schedules are different, but we still manage to call daily for hours. We chat on a Chinese social media app called WeChat, and it has a thing called WeChat moments, where you can post social media kind of posts, like with a picture and a caption, or just pure text, and only your friends can see the posts. I made it when I started learning Mandarin and I use it to communicate with my girlfriend, members of the school’s Chinese society (I’m the only foreigner in it), and other Chinese friends and Mandarin learning foreigners that I meet.

Today, I got to witness snow for the first time in years in my area, and I was so excited. went out with two guys around campus and enjoyed the accumulated snow. I took some photos with them and of myself, as well as photos of the scenery. 

I was initially going to send it to my girlfriend first, but I remembered a time before that me sending a bunch of photos ended up waking her up, and I also thought about waiting until she wakes to send the photos. Perhaps that was dumb on my part. I posted on my WeChat moments of some pictures of the snowy scenery around campus and gave a brief caption.

A few hours later, my girlfriend woke up. She asked me if it snowed, and then she saw the WeChat post that I made and deleted the message initially. We talked and it seemed normal at first. I even sent her a bunch of photos that I hadn’t posted (I only put a few up). Afterwards, she suddenly said “I thought I’d only be able to see this all on your WeChat moments.” I was confused, and then she said “next time, can you send me the photos before you post them on your WeChat moments,” and said that she felt very sad that I posted them first before sending them to her, and that she’s more important than the people who can see my WeChat moments and so I should send it to her first.

However, this made me think though—there have been times before where she posted something on her WeChat moments and didn’t immediately share it with me first. For instance, a live show that she went to—well, she told me that she went, but she only posted the video in her moments and not to me. There was another time when she put an image about something shitty in her job, but she didn’t send it to me immediately. So now I’m just confused.

I just don’t know if I’m TA here, or if she’s just overreacting. I didn’t immediately send it to her because she was asleep, I was afraid of waking her up like once before, I was thinking about showing it to her when I woke up; I should add that I only posted a few pictures, the majority of the pictures I took I didn’t post, and I sent them all to her.