Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITAH for canceling my birthday plans because everyone kept complaining?
Author: No-Context7758
Score: 6
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 07:17:42
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i75npq/aitah_for_canceling_my_birthday_plans_because/

I wanted to plan a get together for my birthday. It wasn’t going to be anything crazy. I wanted to go to a nice dinner and plan a fun activity night at my place after. The idea was go to a pretty affordable dinner place and then everyone could come to my house and we could have wine and play card games and maybe make cookies or something.

My birthday is in a few months, so I began telling all of the people I wanted to invite about it just so that it wasn’t too short notice. I made a big group chat to make it easy. I told them the restaurant, sent a link to the menu, and because a few of the friends are new, asked if anyone had any food allergies because I was gonna be providing the snacks and treats at my place.

Thought everything was gonna be fine until a few days later, some of my friends started throwing in suggestions. “Let’s go to a club!” “Let’s go to a hookah lounge!” Just suggestions that deviated from what I originally wanted to do. I had made sure everything was cheap and fun because we’re all in our early 20s. 

I politely declined saying I’m not a clubber and I don’t smoke anything. I do drink socially, but I love wine. I had even suggested I could buy some other drinks for them and they could spend the night if they were too drunk to go home.

But people were still suggesting that going out would be more fun and that birthday dinners were old news. I’ve actually seen that a lot on social media. People shitting on birthday dinners. I have actually never done one. I did a birthday trip for my 19th-21st with close friends. But wanted to dial it down for my 22nd.

After getting frustrated, I texted the group chat saying this:

“Hey, I think I’m just gonna spend my birthday with my family this year. I don’t wanna disappoint anyone or upset anyone, but this was my birthday celebration and I put a decent amount of thought into this. I was looking forward to it, but it seems like everyone is displeased with the plans. To avoid dragging you all along on something it seems you’re disinterested in, I’m just canceling it” And then left the group chat before deleting it.

I wasn’t angry or hostile. Just explained where I was coming from and canceled it all. One of my friends texted me and told me I was being a bit dramatic and they were only trying to help make the plans more fun.