Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITA for not caving into my nephew's tantrum?
Author: Sure_Growth_7678
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 09:20:15
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i779od/aita_for_not_caving_into_my_nephews_tantrum/

I (F17) and my nephew (m5) usually never interact, I'm always in my room because I've never been the type to leave my personal circle. Occasionally he'll ask me for things such as cooking him nuggets or helping him get something to drink. It's simple things that I don't mind doing since I usually have nothing better to do. (I'm not in school as of current because of health) My nephew is bratty at times like any other kid would be, but it's especially bad considering his mother (F32) ALWAYS spoils him. She doesn't have a backbone with him, if he throws even the smallest tantrum she'll give him anything he wants. If he wants candy he'll be given it. If he wants to watch a specific cartoon channel she'll put it on even if someone else was watching the TV. Overall it's annoying and has gotten worse over the years. She works night shifts at McDonald's and because of my scoliosis I tend to stay up late, so does my nephew. Usually he'll come into me and my younger sister's (F12) bedroom to ask for Kool aid at 3am. Sometimes I'll give it to him other times I won't because it's all he drinks. I haven't seen him drink water in MONTHS, and his pee looks far from healthy. One night he asked for Kool aid and I denied once more. as a result, he threw a fit for about an hour. I told him to get a water bottle (he can open them I've seen him plenty of times) but he kept screaming he wanted Kool aid. I never cave into his tantrums so I just ignored him. Well my sister came home from work and he told her what happened. She got mad at me, saying I was lazy (I hardly leave my bed which yes is bad but I'm working on it) and that I'm selfish because if it was our younger sister I would do it in a heartbeat (me and my younger sister are VERY close, we only talk to each other) I don't like arguing because she doesn't listen to reason so I just apologized. Nothing much came after that but I do feel bad. My nephew was thirsty and if I took even a minute of my time I could've easily given him some Kool aid. I've done it plenty of times even when I never want to, I don't know what made this night any different. Maybe my sister was right, I'm confused on what to feel. Was I the asshole?