Subreddit: OnePiece
Title: My theory about Pluton and some future events
Author: Jaldaba0th
Score: 4
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 05:54:52
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/OnePiece/comments/1i74frq/my_theory_about_pluton_and_some_future_events/

\- One of the reasons why I think Oda left Yamato in Wano (the other one I'll explain at the end) is so that she can find Pluton without having to waste chapters.  
I think during the cover adventures she finds the weapon.  
\- Through Caribou, Teach will learn about Pluton and Poseidon and will decide to take the weapons or at least Pluton since Wano is close to Hachinosu.  
\- This will cause a war between Mugiwara and Blackbeard's crew.  
\- After that I see Yamato , who might have pushed Teach's forces away from Wano (if he wanted the weapons he might have split his subordinates since he doesn't know about Yamato)  join Mugiwara and heading either to Hachinosu or Fishmen Island (although I think Oda will do Hachinosu directly to not waste time. If Teach really sends forces to Fishmen Island, Luffy's fleet could take care of it). At that point on Hachinosu I see the mugiwara joining forces with the Charlotte family led by Katakuri, who will want to free Pudding, and SWORD to fight Teach. The mugiwara could fight Teach and the crew, the Charlotte family and SWORD the fleet.  
\- In the battle at Hachinosu I see Sanji fighting with one of the members of Teach's crew and freeing Pudding, like the typical prince who frees the princess after defeating the villain, thus taking up the theme of the Tottoland fairy tales. This would lead Katakuri, together with his respect for Luffy and the fact that the Charlotte family has suffered too many losses, to give up any repercussions on the mugiwara, closing that point of the plot. Also Oda could propose the Roger/Garp vs Xebec fight with Luffy/Coby vs Teach. So Blackbeard would be defeated. The only thing I don't understand is the point about his race.  
\- Anyway, first of all I see a time skip. I think so because Oda uses patterns for his work. For example the entrance in Paradise and the new world are similar. The crew entrances also have some factors in common. We see how the mugiwara met a member of Roger's crew at the end of each sea (east blue and Paradise) and we know that Colon's father is a very strong human pirate. It could be Scopper Gaban. Also after the sabaody we have the time skip to improve the mugiwara and set the world differently. With the time skip it will not only be the mugiwara that will change but also the outside world. For example we see Otama in the covers who went from running away from some soldiers to defeating a zoan by herself. Also like Oden, Yamato will also have her "red scabbards" that could watch over Wano while she travels. One of these will be Otama (almost all the red scabbards were children when Oden took them with him). She is also called "little Oni". A time skip would justify all of this. Also the time skip would justify a different setting, maybe with the population divided between "pro luffy" and "anti luffy" after the egghead events.  
\- Anyway I see Pluton used in the final war. Maybe Imu will want to annihilate the luffy/dragon faction with Uranus but they will use Pluton to take him down. The clash will cause the weapon to fall or at least some debris from the red line (if the amri fight near Mary Geoise) that will end up destroying fishmen island making Shirley's prediction about luffy destroying the island come true. At that point I see Shirahoshi using the Noa to bring the entire fishmen population to the surface.

\_ Another reason for not bringing Yamato is the difficulty in managing it in the context of Eggehad. In fact we see how Oda tried to put Zoro and JInbe aside. With Yamato he would have had another problem.