Subreddit: leagueoflegends
Title: Playing the new season with a boyfriend who's good at games
Author: Organic-Leg2029
Score: 0
Created UTC: 2025-01-21 23:51:08
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1i6x697/playing_the_new_season_with_a_boyfriend_whos_good/

Hi, there's something bothering me a lot when I play with my boyfriend. Sorry it might sound like whining but i want to share this somewhere because i dont know what to do.

I've played league on and off for years for fun, i had promo to gold last season (i dont really play rankeds all that much). To give you an idea what's up, I grew up with sims 3 and some horse games. League is the only game I played other than those later in my gaming career. I got other games to get used to playing and get better at it (RPGs and some online ones). The issue is I keep trying my best but I can't seem to get better no matter what I do (having fresh acrylic nails probably doesn't help yes ik). The boyfriend part of this post is that he is good at games mainly shooters but with league I don't think he's that good (compared to his active shooter games rank wise) but he lets me know that I'm bad at it almost every day we play and it's honestly making me question my capabilities gaming wise. I know I'm not a plat player but I'm genuinely trying to play better, i watch videos and some players and it just makes me so upset. I was even thinking about coaching to break this curse of mine but then i think that's too brainrot ish to spend money on so I don't. I work at a biomedical company and I would like to think Im too grown for all this but I still find league fun.

This new season makes it even harder for the losing side with the feats of strength and atakhan and after my transfer to EUW I was on a loss streak that I have never experienced before with a horrible KDA. My boyfriend was lowkey belittling me saying he doesn't get how my peak was silver 1 after playing for years and just laughed, he's just kinda thinking 'yeah my gf sucks at games', which makes me mad cause I spend so much time trying to improve and it makes me want to give up league and all other games alltogether. i learned how to build a pc just to play games cause i think games are fun and cool and hanging out with friends playing is also super fun, so now i have a bomb pc with games that i suck at. I dont really have any other friends that play league and playing alone just makes it all worse. What do you think I should do? Keep playing and try to get better, give up, have a convo with my boyfriend, prove him wrong with an epic promo to chal elo, idk i just want to be better at it but its not happening. Sorry for this whiny post. All i ever wanted with games was to enjoy them but it's like my performance makes it a worse experience for everyone me and my bf included. thank youu