Subreddit: Genshin_Impact
Title: End Game
Author: Bingbong1978
Score: 0
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 06:30:49
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/Genshin_Impact/comments/1i74zks/end_game/

Hello All,

I've played Genshin on and off since release and by all means its a great game, questions can be made about the rates, but ignoring that the actual game is good. What stumps me about it, however, is the complete void when you reach AR 60 with maxed characters and you 36 star abyss in 10 min and complete the Theater in 5. 

On release the spiral abyss was a good place for players to go into in order to test the strength of their characters as they were leveling and they could actively pursue the next floor, and the feeling once you finally 36 star the abyss was amazing. 

The problem arises in that the current cycle for end game players is log on, do whatever event is there, spend resin, log off, then every two weeks spend however long it takes to clear the abyss/theater. 

What further blows me away is that since release no end game content has been added. All that the theater did was change the format of it. The spiral abyss went from a 2 week rotation to a monthly rotation to, presumably, match the theater rotation. This is a completely unnecessary change when the abyss was already on a 2 week rotation so why not match the theater to that. There would have only been praise from the end game community, who still to this day, don't have a meaningful way of regularly testing their characters in a rewarding manner. 

Now, Hoyoverse is able to produce quality end game, and a large amount of it too, look at HSR. HSR has been around for a significantly shorter time than Genshin yet it has already eclipsed the amount of end game content that Genshin has. Giving players more rewards will reward end game players for their dedication to the game whilst also inspiring new and returning players to work towards more achievements in their own progression. 

Given the age of Genshin, this game should easily have AT LEAST 4 pieces of end game content such that every week players can go into said content and play YOUR GAME. And for those who might say it causes FOMO, that's just a lazy argument, with a piece of content every week you will always have something to do  and wont need to wait 2 weeks for the next one. 

Finally, Hoyoverse, you are able to produce good games, you smashed it with ZZZ and HSR, now please add some meaningful endgame to Genshin so that it too can be included in your good games. 

This probably wont be seen by Hoyo but on the off chance that it is, please make these changes.

Regards,

Me.