Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITAH for discontinuing my nephew’s scholarship after seeing his social media post being proud to Elon's Nazi gesture?
Author: FlowithL0ve
Score: 1619
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 07:37:11
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i75x9n/aitah_for_discontinuing_my_nephews_scholarship/

I need your honest opinion about my delimma. I have been financially supporting one of my nephews through college. My late husband and I set aside a fund for any of our nieces or nephews who needed help with education. He was the first to take us up on the offer and I’ve been covering most of his tuition and living expenses since he started school last year. He and I have always been close, so this decision wasn’t hard for me. He lost his dad (my brother-in-law) when he was 12 and I’ve tried to be there for him like a second parent. Yesterday, I stumbled across one of his public social media posts that left me speechless. It was a clip of Elon Musk doing what looked like a Nazi salute at Trump’s inauguration. The caption read, "Free thinkers like Elon are what this world needs! Don’t let the sheep tell you otherwise. #power #leadership #truth".

I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. I’m Jewish and my late husband was too. Our entire family has been vocal about combating antisemitism and educating the younger generation about its dangers. To see my nephew, someone I’ve supported and love dearly, share something that glorifies a fascist symbol was devastating. I immediately called him to talk about it. He dismissed my concerns, saying I was "overreacting" and that the post wasn’t literal. He said Elon Musk’s actions were "blown out of proportion" and that "people need to stop being so sensitive about everything." When I asked him if he understood why the post was harmful, he shrugged it off, saying, "It’s just a different perspective." This attitude crushed me. I told him that I couldn’t, in good conscience, continue funding his education if he didn’t understand the gravity of what he was supporting. He called me unfair and accused me of "cancel culture." He later texted me, saying he thought family was supposed to support each other no matter what. My sister (his mom) has been calling me nonstop, begging me to reconsider. She thinks I’m being too harsh and that pulling his scholarship could ruin his future. She suggested I "educate him instead of punishing him." I told him to read the history books but he refuses because according to him, they're not factual.

But here’s the thing: I’ve tried. This isn’t the first time he has shared problematic views online, though nothing this extreme. I’ve had conversations with him before, but it doesn’t seem to make a difference. So, AITAH for standing up my principles??