Subreddit: AmItheAsshole
Title: AITA For confirming the date of an exam in a photo sent to me?
Author: Powerful_Artist
Score: 0
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 05:40:55
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1i747wo/aita_for_confirming_the_date_of_an_exam_in_a/

My girlfriend is from South America and we communicate in Spanish, my 2nd language.

A few months ago my girlfriend decided she was going to get her cosmotology license. I know nothing about that process and just told her that was great and offered to help her study. I told her we could make flashcards, told her I could quiz her, etc

One day she said she forgot she had a meeting with the coordinator to sign documents for the license. But she has no printer, and cant do it before/after work in time for the meeting. So I said I would take time off work myself to print them and bring them to her.

She remembered that she needs to scan/email the documents after the meeting. So she didnt know how that would work. So I asked what the documents were for, because maybe that would tell me how soon she needed to scan/email them.

She freaked out and got all mad. I guess she had told me about this before and I should have already known, but I dont think she did. And she had just forgotten about it herself, so it seems pretty hypocritical. Later on she told me that I made her feel like she couldnt do it alone, or something. Which I never thought, and never said. Then she accused me of not supporting her.

So I kinda was angry at this. I was in the middle of supporting her with getting her license when she got upset. Taking time out of my work day to support her. I had spent nearly 2 years supporting her through a lot of hardships actually. I was hurt she said I didnt support her. So I kinda held my ground.

Now, shes still been studying for her exam. She wont let me help at all, apparently because she still needs to prove she can do it alone I guess? Tonight I ask her about the studying is going. She doesnt respond for over an hour. She sends a picture of her screen and a message about how shes doing some practice exams, has another tomorrow, and scheduled her exam. I look at the photo, see a whole wall of text on her laptop screen with some stuff about an exam and I wasnt sure what I was looking at. It was hard to read, especially in the photo of a laptop screen.

So I ask "when is the exam?". No answer. She responds after an hour saying 'its so funny you didnt even look at the picture", and then 'Its next wednesday'.

Really I was just kinda confirming what I was looking at on this jumbled screenshot, I saw the date but thought maybe it was for something else. But, this was now the second time I messed up on this same topic. I tried to stay calm, ask why it made her mad, and she just kinda refuses to communicate. Other than that it was already in the photo.

OK, I get it. I apologized that I didnt read it carefully. Is that so bad? I thought we were having a conversation about the exam. My next questions would have been 'where is it?', and 'can I take you?'. Pretty normal right?

But apparently I broke her heart. She says I dont care. When I was asking confirmation so I could try and support her.