Subreddit: AITAH
Title: am i the asshole for not wanting to go to my friend’s birthday party?
Author: Narrow-Armadillo-196
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 07:56:46
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i766sp/am_i_the_asshole_for_not_wanting_to_go_to_my/

My boyfriend (22M) and I (21F) was invited to go to my family friend’s birthday party (turning 20F) this week and we were going to go out and eat and go bowling with her boyfriend along with a bunch of her and her boyfriend’s highschool friends. My bf and I tend to keep within our circle and we dont really socialize with friends as often since we just often play games at home with our online friends and coworkers. 

My family friend is like a sister to both my bf and I we treat her as if she is like our “daughter” as we have this intuition to have the responsibility of taking care of her. We grew up with her throughout the years and we are at a certain point now that we are just fed up with her and stopped hanging out with her except when there are any family get togethers.

In addition, my family friend and I goes to the same university together and her boyfriend just transferred to the same school as us this semester. Last semester, everytime I would study with my friend, she would always bring her boyfriend and I would be third wheeling most of the time. Everytime i am alone with them, her boyfriend is constantly clingy towards her to the point that he wants her to pet him as a sign of affection (I could go on and on about their affectionate ways…). It has gotten so bad that I decided to stop hanging out with them ever since school started after the christmas break. 

My friend and her boyfriend also has a friend that was invited to the birthday party and he has a girlfriend which my friend doesnt necessarily like. The girlfriend and my friend’s boyfriend were in the same course together last semester, and since their friend lives in another city, he trusted my friend’s bf to take care of his girlfriend while he is away and they are in school. Since the start of the semester, the girlfriend has been constantly been getting rides from my friend’s boyfriend to the point that rhey would even go and do a few errands together before going home. My friend was uncomfortable by this and talked to her bf about it but he kept defending her and it lead to a huge argument. Few weeks after the argument, the girlfriend invited my friend’s bf and a bunch of others to her birthday party and she decided to invite my friend as well out of convenience. During the birthday party, she was wearing the most revealing red dress while everyone else was wearing casual clothing since there was no dress code stated for this party. The girlfriend kept on trying to get my friend’s boyfriend’s attention and everytime my friend would get his attentiom back, she would not talk and keep quiet and she would not even have any eye contact to my friend. 

I would have many complaints about this girlfriend for weeks from my friend and since her birthday party is coming this friday, she decided to go and invite the girlfriend to the party to “return the favor” because she invited her to her wedding last year. I was very uncomfortable by this because my friend is known to like the attention on her as well and I think she is using this as an opportunity to make it all about her this time and get the revenge she needs.

There are also times where I would catch my friend lowkey cheating on her boyfriend by going into another guy’s room alone (i dont know what they did but they have teased each other that lead to rhem being alone together) and that made me really pissed off. Whats worse is that she didnt tell me about this and I only found out from my bf because he was there and witnessed all of it. 

All of these events that happened recently led me to thinking that I dont want to go to my friend’s birthday party. My boyfriend doesnt want to go as well because he doesnt know anyone there and we would both be very uncomfortable hanging around with a bunch of immature people. And since were the oldest ones there, we just dont want to be the ones being “responsible” for that night if drama were to happen that day. 

We told my friend that we dont want to go and we told her that we werent comfortable with the people going and we would have felt left out but we promised that we will make it up to her and go out wirh her wirh just the three of us. My friend was understandably sad but she suddenly got dry and pissy after.

Im not really the type of person to get into these kind of situations and I dont like drama or people getting bitchy at me at all. Even though im uncomfortable hanging around with her now and distanced myself, she is still my friend and Im not sure if im just overthinking or if i really am in the wrong for this. 