Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITAH for not helping my former classmate in getting into the same university as mine
Author: Impressive-Card9484
Score: 0
Created UTC: 2025-01-22 08:50:41
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1i76vrh/aitah_for_not_helping_my_former_classmate_in/

So I have this classmate back in high school, he acts like we were "best friends" even though he was the kind of asshole that will hide my quiz paper when we were passing it just for "fun". Anyways, I'm not gonna list every bad things he did to me because it will take a lot of time, and thats not exactly the point of this post anyway (I just gave a preview on what kind of person I'm dealing with). 

We were classmates back in our last year of middle school, and then he went on the same school as I was for high school because it was one of the only school with programs for Engineering around our town. A year later, this guy wanted to go back to the school we went to for middle school and take a General Academics program because he didn't like how "low quality" the educational system for the current school we were attending. He tried to convince me to go back too but I was hesitant, I went and visited the school and a lot of things have changed for the better. But even still, I don't want to go back and miss the opportunity to take purely Engineering courses in my current school. He convinced me again and again until it devolved into insults about how I would be staying on this "low-class" school even in college. I did not make any comeback around it and I just told him to "Do what you want, I just don't want to go back".

I think a huge reason why he wanted to go back was because he wants to be with his friends who were very close with him who stayed in our former school because they took different programs that are available there. I could really respect that decision, but he should've decided it before going to our current school. 

A year later, we both took entrance exams for a huge university in the city. I passed the exam and even passed the score for university level engineering program, but he didn't even passed to barely enroll in the university. Most of his close friends went and passed the exams for that same university too but on different programs.

One month before the start of the class, he messaged me asking to help him enter the university. I don't really know how I was supposed to "help" him and I was already on a hectic schedule during the enrollment itself. I just told him that I was very busy preparing and I don't know how to help him. He did told me that he regretted going back to the former school, but what really irked me was when he told me "You just don't want me to enroll in that university" its like he is making it my fault that he can't enroll to the university even though theres really nothing I can do when I wasn't even officially a student yet.

Am I the asshole for refusing to help him?