Subreddit: depression
Title: I am my greatest weakness. 
Author: Little-Particular450
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 23:57:16
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1kavo/i_am_my_greatest_weakness/

I don't know what to do with myself. I'm laying in bed reflecting on my life. I did I shit job of doing a living. I've messed up many good things but the big regret is the friends that I have to refer to in the past tense. Growing up I never quite fit in with my peers, I was always the weirdo moody guy that has issues. As I made it to highschool I got better at talking to people and not caring if they don't like me, even had a girl interested in me, we were together for three months then she dumped me because I struggled to express intimacy, from there it always went the same way, we talk, things progress then I get dumped for some or other reason that's always linked to depression, no one wants to be with the person whose prone to having week long depressive episodes. 

I had a friend in campus that I was friends with for 2 years before I started developing romantic feelings for her. The I spent another 2 years as her friend with that desire never fading. So drunk me decided to end the friendship, I've had too many moments asking her to consider going on a date with me. So, I decided to not be a burden and end our friendship so she could be free of my desperate attempts at evolving the relationship to something more. That  was in 2017, I still think about her. All attempts I made to reach out have been ignored.

We had a mutual friend, who I saw once after ending the friendship with her, I think she told him what happened because he questioned me on why we don't speak anymore. I told him a half truth. That was the last time I saw the guy. We used to hang out frequently. Then after I ended my friendship with "her" he stopped talking to me. Can't confirm it's related, but seems like it can't be a coincidence.

Though I've met other girls in university, they didn't interest me, they didn't make me feel how I did when I was in her presence.

I got help eventually after graduating university with a degree in geology and failing to find work, I had a mental breakdown and finally saw a professional. That was in 2018, years of therapy and antidepressants that did nothing but make me feel like a zombie, it's 2022 and I feel like I've learnt to survive my depression enough to try a relationship again. Mind you, the last relationship was in 2014. 

I reconnect with a girl I met on campus a few times, we talked for months. She got divorced and by early 2023 we are in a relationship that ends 3 months in. Sure we were talking for a year prior, but I still haven't made it past the 3 month Mark. It was the best time I had though, she matured so much since I last saw her and I started falling for her intensely.

She left to Thailand for work, I was unemployed but now qualified as a science teacher (obtained in 2020) 

We decided to keep things as they were when she moved, i.e. in a relationship but not an official committed thing, since it was still early in the relationship. Out if all the failed relationships I've had, this one I fell for the hardest. Being with her made me go from not being interested in marriage to picturing marrying her, I would have given my life to protect this woman. But being in love with someone then they move to a different country hit me more than I expected. 

She broke up with me for being too depressed, I was upfront about having clinical depression, she said it's okay. I thought her having a master's in psychology made her understand the struggle, fuck, she had depression herself. I gues I'm just too far gone. It's been a year and a half since she ended things, I still think of her. She was Willing to give me another shot though, since I didn't do anything bad that warranted her breaking up with me without exception. After her telling me she is reconsidering her decision to end things, I go and give her a reason to leave me. I brought up a sensitive topic at the wrong time and totally obliterated any chance of us being together. I tried reaching out 3 times in 4 months after the breakup, not my proudest moments, yes it was borderline obsessive. I just wanted to hear her voice again. The 3rd time she said that she also would like for us to still be friends since we were friends before, she said she wasn't sure if she should because of me still having feeling's for her at the time. I was cool with just being friends because I was tired of losing people I care about. Then I find out she's engaged again. Engaged 4 months after we break up???. I said that hopefully she wouldn't get engaged again, kinda teasing her about being divorced previously, I swear I didn't want to be mean I just have a habit of teasingly wishing someone good luck. She took it the wrong way and said I should never contact her again. It's been 1 year and 3 months since she told me to leave her alone. I still miss her. 

After her breaking up with me, I got into an argument with a different friend, this guy I knew since 2008. He had a problem with her, we said some mean things to each other. Then we decided it's best if we go on seperate ways. So I lost a romantic partner then a long term friend the next day.

I wish I didn't miss these people, right now they won't leave my mind. 

I have 4 friends remaining, I wonder for how long.....

In terms of employment it's been mostly substitute teacher posts, I had a shot at a permanent position but got my contract expire without getting offered a permanent post, basically got fired without technically being fired. Been up and down, whenever I get a post I fail to impress the principal, I'm not the best teacher and my classroom management could do with improvement. But like most things in my life, apathy is a roadblock. Fuck them kids that don't want to learn. 

At this point I'm full on Rambling, so I'll end this mini thesis here. 


My apologies for writing a novel here. Guess I had more on my chest than I realized...... Fuck that's pathetic 