Subreddit: depression
Title: What is going on with me? Am I showing depressive symptoms? 
Author: Arkhamguy123
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-15 05:27:07
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1qitx/what_is_going_on_with_me_am_i_showing_depressive/

This is a strange conumdrum I find myself in. So I'm an uber driver, and for months now I've had this little uber sabbatical mapped out where after NYE I would take the whole month of january off and just enjoy life. It was supposed to be a happy reprieve. After a loooong 2024 filled with heartbreak, a car wreck, losing close friends, non stop grinding, and dissapointment galore. I felt it more than appropriate to take some time off. But since Ive been a free man I've felt kind of wrong? Or off?

Now, I've had a lot of times where I was very overtly depressed. Where I really wanted to kill myself and that seemed like it would just be the best thing in the world. This isnt that, but I've lately felt it impossible to concentrate on anything, I'm becoming a stereotypical phone addicted gen Zer but the catch is im cognizant of it fully, I know im searching desperately for some joy or distraction and so that I'm not left with my own thoughts.

I've attempted to make my time off, as well as coping being single not by choice, more bearable by burying myself in books, movies, and video games. Three things I would have said I love more than anything. Books? Im struggling to finish or focus on them despite great subject matter (to me). Gaming? What was once a favored hobby and passion of mine is now a laborious chore. So stultifying its asphyxiating. I find it endlessly dull and boring which is strange for me. It'd be like if a chef just woke up one day and hated cooking. Other passions and hobbies are failing as well. I cant derive any pleasure from books or games, nor can I from guitar, biking, hiking. I dont care to leave my house to go to art museums or adventures in nature. Dont care at all. And through this all I feel no deep profound sadness like I've had in the past. Just static. Nothingness.

I guess I would say I feel lonely. Its just me and my dog. My friends, well frankly, they suck lol. Never see some of them in person, they are comically flaky the older we get, demonstrating basically zero interest or impetus in hanging out. No one calls to check in or calls at all really. I mainly just get ghosted by my closest friends. Its your standard affair of a legacy friend group that is now having wifes, kids, careers. We're just at that age I suppose. Dating has been a soul crushing unceasing cycle of \*hit if off on first date ---> they go "omg we haveeee to hangout again soon! That was fun! :)" ----> they lose interest or match with other men in the internim ----> get ghosted or friendzoned. 90% of the time ghosted\*. I guess I am starved for human connection. I can confidently say I can count on one hand the amount of depthful and fuffilling human to human conversations I've had in the past month. And they were hyper ephemeral. They vanished as quickly as they emerged. Most of my days are me alone in my room with my dog. I think I go days at a time without vocally speaking to any other person which is sad.

One last interesting thing to note, I had broken my nail biting habit a long time ago in college. Well and truly I thought. Lately? I've been biting my finger nails like im in middle school or high school again. Which is odd because I dont feel stressed or anxious. I dunno guys. Something bad is happening in my subconcious and I dont like it. I want to feel emotions again.