Subreddit: scarystories
Title: Late night chills 
Author: strawberrymilk280
Score: 22
Created UTC: 2024-12-28 07:19:02
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/scarystories/comments/1ho0jor/late_night_chills/

The late night horror 

-Hey guys this is a horror incident that happened to me .-
(I WOULD RECOMMEND READING THIS AT NIGHT FOR NICE CHILLS UP YOUR SPINE. ALSO SHARE THIS WITH YOUR FREINDS TOO LOL .)

◇SO HERE IT BEGINS◇

So , this is a story of when I was in my late 20s, I got a job that was far away from my town and my work ended late night so I needed to catch the last bus. That day was an ordinary Day and I waited and took the last bus but because of some fault in the bus I was offered with another bus. I didn't think much and got on the bus . There were only few passenger there, I sat beside an strange lady, she wasn't talking or showing any emotion also she was covering her mouth with a mask and a long strand of hair covered her eyes. The bus conductor came to collect money, he asked the lady but she didn't reply so as an good citizen I offered to Pay for her. Soon my stop came , and I got down but soon I realized that woman got down with me. I felt uneasy but I brushed it off thinking her stop is same as mine. I lit my cigarette to divert my mind, my house was still far away so I wanted to feel comfortable reaching there. But I got chills down my spine to realise that the woman following me was coming nearer and nearer to me but as soon as I lit my cigarette she seems to backen away. But as soon as my cigarette went off she again came near to me. This went on for a long time.  I was sweating profusely and anxiety crept on Me. I was ready  to accept my fate and thought to myself "this is the end"but then I realised my grandmother was living near by . I started to sprint there and ringed the doorbell without any break I heard that woman coming closer , now her footsteps were faster. My grandmother fling opened the door and grabbed Me inside. At this point my eyes were teary and I was swept with fear. She assured me and calmed me . Then the thing she told me afterwards will haunt me forever.  She was a dedicated follower of God and recognized that woman just by seeing that woman's face , she was an evil spirit . When my granny grabbed me inside with the corner of her eye she saw that women grinning from ear to ear and with no facial features.  If I wasn't saved by my granny that day, that woman could have killed me.