Subreddit: mdsa
Title: Already grossed out by mother's creepy behavior again.
Author: Frosty_Heart8631
Score: 7
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 06:18:06
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/mdsa/comments/1i0zscp/already_grossed_out_by_mothers_creepy_behavior/

I went no contact for over a year, but had to reach out to family again recently for help because I got displaced by a natural disaster and the temporary lodging I stayed at was in danger. I've basically been homeless and haven't had a permanent address in over a year. Nmom kept sending me emails asking if I was okay and I finally responded and explained my situation because my other family member couldn't help me.

I'm basically in the same exact situation as before (staying in temporary lodgings that she is paying for), but now she knows where I'm living and where I work. She says she can't afford to help me get a place, but she sends money to my little brother every month while he studies abroad and lives in his own apartment.

Lately, whenever we're in the car, she'll keep excessively staring at me, speaking to me in a weird tone, randomly bringing up violent sexual topics when we're talking about something else and will make strange noises. The last time I lived with her, she'd always follow me around the house, stare at me, etc. and just behave really inappropriately. When I was younger, she would (TW) make me undress in front of her and "try on outfits." She has groped me inappropriately and has just been a weirdo around me my whole life. She and my brothers stalked me and even tried to make it so that I couldn't leave the house and would lock me out if I left, even for walks, at one point. That same brother also physically assaulted me and is now studying abroad and living in his own apartment.

It disgusts me that I have to be around her and I feel like I'm starting to spiral again because I'm tired of her weird behavior towards me, but I feel like I didn't have any other option because I had nowhere to go after being displaced. I have a job and I'm trying to keep it. I don't believe in God anymore, but it's like no matter what, the world either wants me to be homeless/severely impoverished or stuck with abusive predatory family. I've tried and tried and it's like I keep failing to thrive, I'm 28. It's making me want to unalive myself. I keep being reminded, every time I'm around these people that I don't have parents or a true family.