Subreddit: depression
Title: Am I depressed?
Author: Electrical-Read1555
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 17:08:01
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0ite8/am_i_depressed/

32y(M) I always had problems talking to people, it's not I'm afraid of people but I don't know what to talk about in a cotidian conversation nor any conversation in general. I always end up in the background only listening at what other people are talking and I only talk if someone ask me anything. I'm totally unable to socialise in general.
 
Because of this I lost all my friends during my teens, at the age of 17 I didn't had any friends and the only thing I did during that time was going to school, play videogames and watching anime. At the time it wasn't a problem because I was an introvert and I always preferred to be alone but when I finished my studies and started to work at the age of 24 something changed.

After some years working I realised that I lost my desire to play videogames and watching anime. I mean, if I try to play something I get bored after some minutes no matter what game I try... I have a closed full of videogames, animes and light novels, half of them are still sealed and when I finish something, it can cost me weeks or even months to start something new, in the end what I do is going to bed and sleep or use the mobile phone, nothing more.

This got worse as years passes and I tried doing something different: doing sport, diet, learn English in a private school... At the first it was going well, I lost nearly 40kg and my English level rised but I got tired aswell.

My apathy got worse at the point I lost my will for everything. I started doing less sport, less diet and less English and at the end I left it all and returned how I was before. I get up, go to work and when I finish all I do is go to bed and watch the mobile... Forums, twitter and things like that. After getting tired I have lunch and then go to bed again, nothing more and all days are the same.

Last year I tried helping in a local shelter to take care of their cats as an alternative for not being in bed all the afternoon after work. At last this keeps me entertained for the afternoon but when I finish and return home I end up doing the same.

Apart of this I realised that expending all these years alone has made my social capabilities even worse: I can't look at people faces most of times, I get stuck when speaking, if I go to a crowded place like a supermarket I get nervous at the point that I walk weird, etc.

I have thought that depression was being lonely, sad and not wanting to live, I don't have any of these fortunately but I have read that apathy is some kind of depression too, I'm depressed?

I don't know how to fight this, I simply don't feel any emotion, is like being empty and I can't start doing anything because I don't have any will to do it... At least I'm still helping in that shelter but still I can't take off those feelings.

I work as a web developer which is a profession that forces you to keep updated and I feel that I'm losing a huge amount of time being lazy and not doing any of those pending corses and projects that I have but I don't have the will to do it, I try to do it anyway but I always end up giving it up or taking breaks...

Nowadays my routine is: getting up, work, help in the shelter, go to bed. All days are the same and in holidays it's even worse because I don't know what to do all that time that I normally spend working. Sometimes I play a game that fills my desire again and I return on how I was but when I finish it, I return of how I was being before.

Can I get any advice of how to fight this? Is there anyone that has passed something similar? 

I wanted to go to a psychologist for 2 or 3 years but I always procrastinate it... I want to try this year but I'm still not sure if I will end up doing it or not...

Thank you very much for reading this.