Subreddit: family
Title: Parent issues what do I do?
Author: Clown-HONK
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 01:36:38
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/family/comments/1i02t6o/parent_issues_what_do_i_do/

(This is my first post so I have no idea what I'm doing so excuse this sounding terrible) 

I am 13 almost 14 and I live with both my parents and have constant issues with my mother and PERSONALLY feel like I am being verbally abused but I don't know if this is a me problem and I need to suck it up or if I can do something. When I say I am being verbally abused I mean my mother saying things that seem way too far compared to what happened. Even if they seem reasonable given the context it at the same time feels like it was too far. So what has she said exactly. She has said many things and yelled at me many times to the point of me not caring anymore. But some things I remember she said specifically word for word are "I'm just going to deal with him untill he is 18 then I'm getting rid of him" "(while talking to my dad) you just do what you want to do because I can't (Dad)"why not?" (Mom)"I'm a mother" she has also said multiple times that she has given up on me that I'm a terrible person that I'm the most selfish person I ever met that I only care about myself and that at this point trying to fix our relationship is not even worth it. My father sides with her sometimes and he sides with me sometimes but this is seemingly because he thinks if he sides with my mother than I won't like him either. But to be truthful I don't feel a familial connection with my parents or my sister (10). And I also feel at this point it would be better to not be around my family anymore like my mother said so I suggested instead of just riding out the last just over 4 years to put me up for adoption. And her only objections to that is it would make my sister upset. What do I do?

WARNING SELF HARM TOPICS AHEAD IF THAT MAKES YOU UNCOMFORTABLE THEN JUST DONT READ IT




 (As a side note I am clinically depressed and have been admitted to a mental hospital (not an asylum but the youth care center and I'm not saying the one I went to so I dox myself) I have also cut myself before and relatively often and with my mental state because of my family and my extreme easy to access weapons Im not confident that I won't just do something rash on impulse. Like cut myself too deep or just slit my throat to get it over with. Dam this got depressing.