Subreddit: weddingplanning
Title: Need opinions on my non traditional wedding
Author: Fancy_One7300
Score: 0
Created UTC: 2024-12-29 00:56:25
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/weddingplanning/comments/1hok52q/need_opinions_on_my_non_traditional_wedding/

So me and my fiancé are planning a very non traditional wedding. We are doing a courthouse wedding with both of our best friends and my dad. Then doing a wedding reception for about 65 people. So far nothing is set in stone yet and I wanted some opinions on some aspects of the reception. Since it’s a simple reception with just a few old friends and family we would rather have it be meaningful than materialistic. So we are really just kinda throwing a big family get together with more alcohol than normal. 

Note: there will be a list with the amounts of everything I’m buying at the end of this post!

We are wanting to have our reception at an events cabin here town. It seats 95 people inside then also has outdoor seating (65) and a small fenced off backyard area. We are wanting to go with something fairly cheap since it’s not a lot of people and is going to be fairly casual. This would save us about $700 on a venue and we can bring our own alcohol like we wanted to. 

This also makes it easier travel since most of our family is here in town. And on top of that we can have my dog be a part of the day for a few hours then pay someone to watch her before everyone gets too drunk. This is important to me because my dogs have always been a huge part of my life and that’s something anyone who knows me would know. I had my childhood dog from the time I was 5 up until right before I turned 20 this year. I always said she would be part of my wedding if she lived long enough and since she can’t be here I’d like my puppy to be part of it for the both of them (and yes she will be getting her own lil dress).

We have decided on no photographer as we aren’t big on that kind of thing. We have done the same with a lot of other things that bring all attention to us. We originally didn’t plan on a reception at all but our family has had a hard time and needs some positivity. We will not be doing a cake so no cake cutting ceremony. We don’t want to have a grand entrance as we would rather greet people coming in. And we will most likely won’t be doing speeches due to the fact that renting equipment such as microphones would cost a lot from our local places. Like I stated before it’s really just a “we got married let’s get wasted” party. We  plan on having a table set up for us, our best friends, and my immediate family (he doesn’t have any family so just his friends) but it would still be integrated with the rest of the tables since we don’t really have a wedding party.

For decorations we aren’t doing a ton either. I’m planning on realistic silk roses since I have severe allergies but absolutely love roses. Our color scheme is going to black and a light pink so I plan on light pink roses in vintage looking mismatched black vases. We plan to have light pink table cloths on the seated tables with the flowers spaced out on them and black cloth rose petals scattered in the middle (thinking about hot gluing these down a bit for my own sanity). Then the tables we need to use for food and drinks will have black table cloths with no decor except maybe some pretty signs stating possible allergens. We are planning to find a smaller round table to put near the entrance with some flowers and wedding favors.

As for wedding invites I haven’t really decided what I would want to do. Most of this stuff doesn’t really matter to my fiancé since he isn’t the planning type so I can’t decide what to do. I think I want to go with digital invites. I saw them for a family members wedding and they seem so much less complicated, more affordable, and we can add cool things into the invite. This also makes it easier for people to rsvp since they don’t have to physically mail anything in. But I don’t know how to do this so I’d have to look more into it.

As for staffing we don’t plan on having any staffing other than a hired DJ. I am planning the wedding myself, we are all pitching in to cook, and set up and tear down are also going to be on us since most of it is my stuff and needs to go home with me after clean up.

We aren’t completely sure on hiring DJ but I’m leaning towards yes. I want to hire a DJ but I also love an idea I saw online of having QR codes at the entrance and on tables to a playlist guests can add songs to and just having speakers set up for that. Which sounds really nice in theory but I just don’t know.


For food I want to do prime rib with roasted potatoes and dinner rolls and a meat and cheese tray as appetizers through out the reception. We also plan on no cake as we are just going to do some simple cupcakes. I feel pretty confident in the food options. We did consider the fact that any kids who are picky eaters might not eat this. But with it being mainly family and none of our friends having kids we don’t think it will be an issue since we can always make a quick few sandwiches and put them in the fridge. We plan on a buffet style dinner.

The drinks is where I’m really lost. I’m planning to get Hawaiian Punch for the kids. But neither of us drink a lot so we don’t know what to get for alcohol. So far we plan to get some of whatever beer the majority of our guests prefer, Tito’s, crown royal peach, jack Daniel’s, Jose Cuervo tequila, and then some twisted tea and Mike’s for those that don’t wanna make their own drinks. I would like to include on the invites a link to what will be available, that we have limited stock, and that it is byob. I also plan to get popular juices for mixed drinks including: cranberry juice, mango peach juice, orange juice, cherry juice, lime juice, and lemon juice. The juices are based on what we like and what our family usually drinks. We will also have bottled water for those that don’t drink and obviously plain juice.

We also plan to order matching throw away dinner and dessert plates in a set that comes with silverware and cups. Then larger plastic cups for the open bar and plastic stemless tumblers for drinks like whiskey and wine.

As for wedding favors we haven’t quite thought about it but I’d like to do something we can use at the wedding like shot glasses. I also plan to wear a short black dress and am going to ask everyone else to wear anything but black. My fiancé has not decided if he wants to wear a traditional suit so he may just wear nicer black clothing which I think is fine.

List of items: (for 65 people)

Roses- 36 individual roses to be placed either in pairs or threes
Vases- 20
Tables- 15 (inside)
Rose petals- 1 pk of 3,000
Dining sets (plates, silverware, cups, napkins)- 3 pks serves 50 each
9oz plastic cups- 1pk 600 cups
Stemless throwaway wine glasses- 4pk 40 each
Prime rib- 50lbs boneless
Roasted potatoes- 35 lbs
Hawaiian rolls- 144 rolls
Meat and cheese tray - undecided
Orange juice- 1 gal
Cranberry juice- 1/2 gal
Cherry juice- 1/2 gal
Mango peach juice- 1/2 gal
Hawaiian Punch - 2 gal
Lemon juice- 15oz
Lime juice- 15 oz
Twisted tea- 1 12pk party pack cans
Mike’s- 2 12 pk variety pack bottles
Jose Cuervo- 1.75 L
Crown peach- 1.75 L
Tito’s- 1.75 L
Jack Daniel’s variety pack- 1 12pk
Jack Daniel’s whiskey- 1.75 L