Subreddit: relationship_advice
Title: How do I(M26) move on from her(F24) without feeling guilty? Or attachment issues? (Trigger warning-SA)
Author: Maleficent-Berry6626
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-06 21:11:00
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/1hv9zq8/how_do_im26_move_on_from_herf24_without_feeling/

So to respect her privacy I'll call her Gail, her friend sam and her friends brother theo.

Okay so here is the context- 

I met her on a online meme app and we just got it off. We chatted all the time and sent memes back and forth, we have become close in a year as friends. Since we live so far apart we would lightly flirt but knew we didn't want a long distance relationship and I was okay with it. She is also a bit autistic, and she is OBSESSED with RDR2. I mean she plays it all the time and it's the only game she wants to play so I play it with her doing missions and we talk and laugh together doing dumb stuff. 

She is the sweetest girl I ever met, unfortunately she has a bad habit of choosing douchey guys and she's with a unstable friend sam(F25-26?)who likes to dive her into her own issues with overwhelms her so much that she cries. She cries very easily. I'm always there to cheer her up. That's what good friends are for. Also she likes to DRINK. Not at clubs or bars. She likes to hangout with her friend at her house with her brother(M26-27?) and get wasted because she feels safe there. There in lies the issue. 

Now maybe November? I can't remember, a BIG ISSUE happened. So she tells me that something happened that she can't tell her mom, her dad or even her friend. That she feels like she can tell me because she feels like I wouldn't judge her and because I love so far away that there's no chance she would worry I would come over and freak out (I've never done that but this is about her so okay). I ease her to tell me what happened, that she can trust me. 

She says that she went to get drunk at Sam's place (happens all the time so this is normal) but this time she woke up naked with theo next to her. She didn't know what to think or say she just got tf out of there. She says she didn't remember what happened. Except that theo was crying? She later checked herself and found bruises on her thighs and arms. Like being held down. It all connected to well R. However rn that wasn't her main issue. It was that if he finished inside her. She didn't know. She was scared out of her mind. So I helped her through it. Managed to be supportive and get her to go to the nearest store to get the pill. Which she freaked out that might be too late because the incident happened 4 days ago (4days from when she told me). I was with her every step. From giving her pep talks and listening to her crying. She got the pill and on the phone with her until she felt better. So the problem is she still visits her friends house and sees theo. She hasn't told sam.

What does this have to do with the header? I'm getting to that. 

You see, Gail has had a bad childhood. Parents her abused her, her father is the reason why she has some hearing loss, her mother is a sexist who blames men for everything like a Boogeyman because she left her family and state to be with her now ex-husband who cheated on her and never got over it. 

Gail is the type of woman who sees everything in good lighting because she used to be the exact opposite of what she is now that almost drove her to Sui. And because of some medical issues she feels like less of a woman and like a freak. I always tell her the truth, she isn't and she's a amazing woman. 

For her she hasn't ever really connected with anyone except one ex. They separated on good terms. Which is important for later. So for her she doesn't like connecting with anyone because if things get real she'll BOLT. THIS IS HER OWN WORDS. She LIKES being treated like trash as a kink (I'm always nice and supportive so I never comment about it)

Now, as a year passes by and maybe 2 or 3 weeks after the incident with theo, I'm trying to convince her to press charges on him because the evidence says that what happened shouldn't stay quiet. She feels like she should but doesn't want her friend sam to know. 

Then she tells me her friend(ex that parted ways) is back in her life. He lives in another state. They met in the same state until his family moved and would take a plane to visit her until it wasn't financially feasible anymore. So I'm happy for her because it'll get her mind off what happened and maybe she'll figure out for herself what to do. 

A month passes and she starting to text less and less, she would usually ask me EVERY DAY if I can play RDR2 with her because I'm the only one who likes to play too that she knows of. But now she doesnt. Says he likes to play too and that we should all play together. Now here is the part that bothers me, I DONT LIKE STRANGERS. It's one thing when I make the first move to talk to someone, it's another when I'm being pulled into being friends with someone I don't know. 

It doesn't bother me they dated, it's that I didn't seek him for friendship and I feel forced to be friends for her sake. But Because she's my friend I'll try. So we did play together for a while and there was some bonding where me and the dude would make jokes about her and we all laughed. But I still didn't feel comfortable and I was honest with her. I told her that the only reason I play RDR2 at all is because it's fun playing with her, however it's not really fun when it's with her and someone else. If that makes sense? It's like, I like RDR2 but I wouldn't play it on my own violation unless I had a reason which is her. Adding another member just doesn't seem like fun.

However I told her that I also understand that you haven't talk to her ex who is now her friend in a long time and that to let me know when she'll be playing with him so I can play other games instead. I'm understanding and supportive of that. Because I know what it's like and I know how sometimes it can be misinterpreted as being ignored by your friend to play with someone else. I still want to play with her, just asked to let me know when she wants to play when he can't. 

I thought things were going well, after the incident and now this it felt like our friendship was getting deeper in a good way. Like a lifelong friendship kinda thing you know? But as weeks went by she started leaving me on read for days at a time which is VERY UNLIKE HER AT ALL. I wasn't going to get anxious, even if I wanted to but like I said, when someone you haven't seen in a while sometimes you want to spend all your time with them. I understood she doesn't owe me anything. We are our own people, I just hoped that she would understand that I miss her company. So now and then I would ask if she'll be available to play. 

We would play for the first 2 weeks and would ask why I don't want to play with her friend? I said it's not like I don't want to, he's a good dude it's just I enjoy playing this game with her and it's not like I know him. Idk, I just feel a bit uneasy like he's sizing me up or something. She doesn't see it but Gail isn't the type of person to see things like that, for her it's all harmless fun even when someone doing something to her isn't harmless. 

So time goes on and she barely talks to me but now whenever I ask if she has any time later in the week to play but I understand she doesn't. She says she can't because "I have X to do". Okay I understand, so I load up RDR2 because i want to surprise her by getting some cosmetics for me and my horse (she LOVES the cosmetics of horses and bullies me for not making my character more "cleaner"🤣. My character is bare foot with overalls and rotten teeth. A hobo look lmao.) so while leveling up and getting cash and gold, some daily challenges require you to be in a posse. So I check the posse menu and I see HER. her username is active and in a posse. It didn't take long to put two and two together. 

As much as I wanted to, I couldn't be upset. Because I don't have a reason to be upset, it's her life and whoever she wants to spend time with in a game is none of my business. But I won't lie and say it didn't sting a bit in my heart. We would play everyday since I've known her, I thought we were getting closer in our friendship. Maybe I'm misunderstanding the situation right? I have to be, I can't think she doesn't care about our friendship. 

So I play the game for a few weeks leveling up, me and her still talk like normal despite her barely texting back for days. Then she asks if I am available to play with her in like a hour. I say SURE! I get ready, changing my character to my new duds (she likes to have posse photos whenever me or her change to new outfits) but right when she was supposed to meet me online she sends a text saying she can't because of some issue she has to deal with her mom. Of course I felt hurt but I said okay, next time then! All cheerful. But I still played, just to get the frustration out by doing other player bounties. (Players like killing each other which triggers bounty hunts for them) Then I think I should join a posse to make the bounty hunting easier. I go to the posse menu and GUESS WHAT?! SHES ONLINE AND IN A POSSEE WITH WHO?  At this point I'm devastated. Why couldn't she just be honest with me? It's one thing that you don't owe a explanation to when you haven't lied to anyone. But she lied to ME so I felt like she actually owed me a explanation. Because I feel like she hurt our friendship. I told her that if she wants to spend more time with her friend(ex) I completely understand because they're good friends too. I never gave her a reason or feel like she has to LIE to me about anything. She herself said that she feels more comfortable about sharing things than anyone else she met. It was hard for her to be vulnerable to say that. I have NEVER Judged her about ANYTHING. 

But this really hurt me. I wanted to write a whole paragraph about how I felt to her but instead I took deep breaths and just texted her "I feel like I need to step away from this friendship for a while". And unfriended her on discord. Later she texts me on the meme app "what's wrong". I tell her how I felt hurt. I didn't point any fingers or seem toxic in any way. Or even the fact that was she did seemed immature and the only mature thing for ME to do is step away. She felt sad and said okay

For 3 months I have missed her. I never responded to her messages to me. Because my therapist says staying away was the right choice. That maybe she felt too vulnerable and responded by bolting. That maybe she isn't ready for a deep friendship? The best thing for ME is to stay away. Which was hard for me because I have attachment issues from my own fucked up abusive life. 

Which all comes down to today. I have missed her so much and she says she misses me. So I friended her on discord and she says wants to play again. I told her honestly that while I DO want to restart our friendship, I don't feel like we are at the level where we play RDR2 together. Her response? "You realize this is an insanely teenage girl thing to say right lol"

I got UPSET. So in my moment of weakness I got a bit petty. Later I edited my message to this "You do find the irony in that right? You did the insanely teenage girl thing by ghosting me and making excuses whenever I asked to play with you. You would lie to me instead of being honest. Only to find out you're on rdr2 with the other dude. You hurt not only me but our friendship. I don't care how it sounds like to you, I'm treating you the same way you did to me but at least I'm telling you we aren't at that level where I WANT TO PLAY WITH YOU. So go ask that MF to play since that's what you prefer over our friendship. You've shown me you're a simple and immature GIRL who I can't be a friend to because you didn't treat me like one back. The worst part of it all is that I miss you. Even after your bullshit. IDC if you ghost me again, this is YOUR problem. Not mine" 

Which I guess is still petty. What I want advice is, how if I should, leave this "friendship" without missing her or wanting to come back? She hasn't responded back and maybe my problem will solve itself by her permanently ghosting me. But if not how can I leave on good terms where I feel like I don't need to feel guilty or thinking I was selfish? 