Subreddit: depression
Title: I think I Caused My Husband’s Depression
Author: Ok_Inspector_9388
Score: 5
Created UTC: 2025-01-15 16:29:29
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i21aa6/i_think_i_caused_my_husbands_depression/

I think my husband is depressed. I’ve always felt that but I always thought it was due to his own side of life that doesn’t have to do with our marriage.

Yesterday, we had an argument after quite a long period of time not arguing (I feel like we haven’t argued for a year, but I don’t know if that’s accurate). The gist of the argument, as I understand it, is that I am oppressive when he expresses his thoughts and as a result, stifles his opinions. I am too stubborn and cannot sympathize with his feelings.

These are the things he’s brought up repeatedly in the past. We’ve known each other for almost 10 years and married for 6. For the past two years, I genuinely feel like I have tried to work on these and we’ve finally reached a happy place. I had been proud of our progress; our marriage was pretty much the only thing that brings me joy and sense of self. 

But I had been completely oblivious. When I brought the thought that we are moving in the right direction up, he said the only reason is because we stopped talking. (I assume meaning having real conversations.)

He has gotten more depressed in the past year and it’s because of me. He has lost interests in going outside and being active because of my laziness. He had stopped caring about his hobbies (presumably because I am not doing it with him or kept having arguments when we do). He said he’s stopped trying. 

I cried all night and morning with suicide thoughts. I scheduled a therapy session tomorrow. His words that keep repeating in my head are:
“Every time we have this kind of argument, I die little inside.”
“It’s this kind of dynamic that makes me not want to have kids.”
“I just want the past ten years of my life back.”

The fact that we had completely opposite ideas of how happy we were in our relationship after feeling like I’d been working on it and saw results makes me sad and feel helpless. I can’t live in a world where our relationship makes him more depressed. I have suicidal thoughts because even though losing him would wrack him in the short run, I think he will have a better life after he recovers from it. And I don’t have much else to live for.