Subreddit: depression
Title: I wanna seek treatment so I dont k!ll myself, but I have no motivation
Author: BrickCity45
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 06:04:41
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i07k5h/i_wanna_seek_treatment_so_i_dont_kll_myself_but_i/



My mental health just feels different nowadays.  I’ve been struggling with depression and anxiety as a teenager but never sought treatment now at 22 It’s the worst it’s ever been I feel so numb and disassociated/depersonalized/derealization. I haven’t woken up happy in so long I can’t remember the last time I had joy. At this point I’m desperate to see a psychiatrist and have a full evaluation and get on meds. I don’t think talk therapy can help me it feels like something died in my brain. It feels like my happiness died. I don’t even care about myself or my wellbeing I’ve got physical health problems that I’ve been neglecting for months/years I wouldn’t be surprised if I drop dead suddenly I feel sick I lost so much weight but I don’t even care to know what’s going on. I can’t even afford to pay over $100 copay to see a doc because I’m paycheck to paycheck 

Idk who I am anymore I don’t really care to live life anymore I do the same exact thing everyday, it’s always something stressful or consuming that I have to tend to: either at work for 8hrs a day or constant mounting chores because I never have the mental energy to complete tasks. My apartment is a filthy mess but I’m never able to clean up even when I have time on the weekends I constantly procrastinate until I half ass clean up then fall asleep. I’ve been in this cycle for months now and it’s just getting worse 

I honestly think I subconsciously gave up on my life, and it’s so hard to find the fire inside me to thrive. I have no reason to still be here. I contemplate suicide knowing that if I killed myself today I wouldn’t be missing out on anything but stress. I’m so tired of stressing, anxiety, feeling hopeless, OCD. 

I don’t feel like a normal happy human. Feels like I’m in a constant mental battle with myself and I can’t get out of this deep dark hole. 

I subconsciously already accepted my early death and I’m just going with the flow until death calls my name. When its my time I won’t cry, I won’t beg for my life, 

