Subreddit: infj
Title: Weirdest doorslam reason??
Author: Friendly-Comment-753
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-12 10:58:25
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/1hzkce4/weirdest_doorslam_reason/

I just wanted to double check on whether I’m being absurd right now.

There is some dude who was a club-mate  before I graduated from university.

Anyways, he tried reaching out a while ago to start a ‘relationship’ with me.

I gave him the space to express himself, but tbh I wasn’t consistent enough with my messages. One day after I responded, he decided to give me the “silent treatment”. 

I apologized to him for not being consistent, but I guess this just made his head bigger.

So I blocked him.

Anyways, he went to my twitter account and started liking my tweets using his weird alter account.

Which made me block that account as well.

Now, he started engaging with my tweets with his main account, when he used to ‘shy’ away or refrain from doing so for whatever reason.

I kinda let it slide since he wasn’t doing to me any harm. But I felt like the way he engaged with my tweets kinda started affecting my mental health (you know when somebody tries to influence you by liking the tweets he desires and the ones that he doesn’t?)

He did try to contact with me, but I didn’t respond to his messages.

I know this sounds super childish tbh, and it’s not a valid reason whatsoever, but I genuinely felt like he was a parasite. His existence feels almost suffocating, especially since I kinda sense that he’s stalking me if that makes sense? He’s so weird anyways. And btw he only likes my personal photos.

Because of this (his existence overall making my mental state worse when I’m at a time where I’m seeking peace) I decided to block him and ‘doorslam’ him completely.

Am I being dramatic? I’ll keep him blocked since it makes me feel better, but I just want to make sense of whatever this whole thing is??? 

Edit: Just noticed that I’m writing like a drunk person lmao. I guess I need some rest.