Subreddit: carpaltunnel
Title: carpal tunnel regrets? emg negative test.  Please take the time to read this and give advice.
Author: Alternative-Leg-5155
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2024-12-20 00:30:14
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/carpaltunnel/comments/1hi7h2t/carpal_tunnel_regrets_emg_negative_test_please/

been having increased discomfort in my wrist from overuse since i do everything with my one wrist after getting my other arm destroyed in an accident.  i tried to go bac to school and have alot of typing and writing and its progressively getting worse since last year till this year,  3 times this year it flared up so bad i could not open a door, use the bathroom, drive.  literally nothing and it was horrible, i went to urgent care one time to get it documented.  i also had a previous laceration on the wrist with carpal tunnel from like 8 years ago that didn't give me any problems so im not sure if this is contributing to it.  my emg came back with no problems after i had an injection and have been using a night brace.  it still hurts to type or write for prolonged periods, my dr wants to go ahead and just try the carpal release surgery, im worried to get it done if that is not the issue even though i do have my 3 fingers tingling and going numb when driving for a long time or other related tasks.  is there any drawbacks to getting it done> i would hate to get another surgery that may cause problems in the future.  Im really struggling to get back into the work force after losing most function of my dominant hand and this is literally ruining my life.  idk what job ill be able to do with no functional hands but im also terrified to lose any mobility in the hand that i have left.  Should i just find something thats not typing intensive and stick with the splinting and injection occasionally or should i just get the surgery and hope it helps.  Ii really dont know what jobs i can do with no hands that doesn't pay absolute shit and im probably going to be struggling with pain for the rest of my life so im just terrified to have surgery on my only functional hand.  Is it safe and im just being anxious?