Subreddit: depression
Title: I just want to rest 
Author: ThrowRA_OkCoffee4520
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 15:53:47
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0h1k3/i_just_want_to_rest/

I’m just a freshman in college, and I feel like I’ve lost everything. I used to be so academically inclined, socially confident, everything. But now, I feel like I’ve completely lost myself. I’ve been so alone lately, and I don’t know how to cope with it.

Last year, I withdrew from my friends because I didn’t want to feel the pain when we eventually parted ways after school. Now, I just feel so isolated. I do have my boyfriend, and he’s amazing. He tries his best, but I’m scared that I’m burdening him with all my feelings. I don’t want to overwhelm him, but I don’t know where else to turn.

I’ve been trying to make friends here, but it’s turned into something straight out of a movie. I end up eating alone in the bathroom, staying by myself, and just feeling invisible. It’s not how I imagined college would be.

There’s also a lot going on with my parents. We’ve had a rocky relationship for years, ever since my sister passed away. Around the same time, I was a typical rebellious teenager making stupid choices, like hookups and drinking, and it made everything worse.

We have been working on it and our relationship has been improving a lot lately, but I know the trust isn’t fully there yet. I feel like they’ve invested so much in me, emotionally and financially with the expenses of the school, and I’m scared of letting them down, especially with how badly I’m doing academically. I don’t want to disappoint them, but I feel like I’ve given all I can, and it’s still not enough.

I’ve been crying behind their backs for a week because I can’t handle it anymore. This is my first bad grade ever.  I'm passing but it's exactly a real good feeling. I’ve always been good at school, and now it feels like everything is falling apart. I've been having thoughts about reverting to my old ways of drinking, suicidal attempts, and maybe even taking up substances.  I know, DRAMATIC.  I'm sorry. I just want to rest.