Subreddit: depression
Title: How do I not give up on life? I’m honestly tired of everything
Author: humanuncondition
Score: 4
Created UTC: 2025-01-15 15:52:34
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i20fv0/how_do_i_not_give_up_on_life_im_honestly_tired_of/

24M. All my hopes for what I could become in life have been getting progressively destroyed since I moved to Europe to study at 18. I’ve been constantly turned and shut down, unappreciated and left unseen due to burocratic obstacles (can’t work on a student visa), having a non-western name, speaking the local langauge with an accent…If I went back to my home country I would be forced to go to the military under our horrific regime and that’s just not an option for me. I feel like I didn’t get anywhere after 6 years. I feel like all my potential, capacity, knowledge and skills are going to waste and are completely useless and worthless because I keep finding myself in situations where I’m being reminded that I’m unwelcome. The reason I moved away at 18 was because I didn’t see a future as a young, motivated, gay man in my severely homophobic and corrupt country, but I now understand that I have become a part of a system which doesn’t want me, as a foreigner, to succeed. So where do I go? I have no home, no money, no family, no stability whatsoever. This has really taken a toll on my health, both physical and mental, and I want to jump out of my skin. I feel trapped. I see people around me carelessly taking up fun hobbies or doing fun things while I have to constantly struggle to make ends meet, fulfil endless visa requirements every year, stay on top of my course work, keep myself fed, clean, housed, trying to form a social life, and still keep pushing for a better life…it’s honestly too much. I’m exhausted, and there’s nobody around me who understands this situation. I feel misunderstood and alone - even though I can speak 5 languages, I have lots of experience in many jobs, I’m well read…it’s like none of this matters because I have been dealt a bad hand and I have a bad passport on top of it. I really feel stuck and, at this point, desperate. I don’t have the energy to ‘keep pushing’ anymore. I want to end it. I’m shaking as I write this. I have to move out of my current sublet by the end of the month and I keep getting declined for new flats because I don’t have the right paperwork (ie citizenship), I’m in the middle of exam week, I have so much work to do to pay my bills, I have health issues which slow me down…it’s too much, too much. I don’t even know how I managed to get myself to this point, but I can’t go on like this anymore. It seems like a situation with no escape. I’m severely depressed. 