Subreddit: misanthropy
Title: People always surprise me with their stupidity and lack of critical thinking skills
Author: Dazzling_Location_11
Score: 127
Created UTC: 2024-12-14 23:21:11
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/misanthropy/comments/1hefcpt/people_always_surprise_me_with_their_stupidity/

I was at my boyfriend's house. He is young and he still lives with his parents. I was there and we were approximately 20 people all from his family. ( It was a party).

In the evening during dinner they put a TV show that's a beauty pageant (Miss France) and they proceed to judge the candidate. I heard things such as "She is fat'' "She is ugly" " She is ridiculous" "Her legs are too short'' ''Blondes aren't as beautiful as the others'' ''She is too thin'' ''There is no harmony on her face''

The worst is they were women mostly. The men in his family were mostly quiet. 
Women judging if others women fit the stupid beauty standards society create. I don't even understand why these types of TV show still exist. It's objectifying and deshumanizing. Are we judging women like we would judge the quality of something we're going to consume or use. Is these Google reviews section ? 

I swear sometimes I wonder if some women like to be treated like shit. Do you like sexism girl ? Wtf is wrong with you ? 

If we did this with black people it would immediately be called racist and deshumanizing. Like let's do a beauty pageant called Miss and Mister Black and see what people think about this. Yeah you are right. It would be consider terrible.  People are not pieces of meat.

And also people arguing that ''yes but women choose to do this beauty pageant so it's not sexist '' are out of their mind. With the same reasoning nothing is sexist anymore. Women ''choose'' sexist things all the damn time. 

Some are stupid. Some do not know any better. Some do not really have the ''choice'' because of real limits or a lack of education.

Sometimes I kinda prefer my horrible toxic abusive family because at least they have very good critical thinking skills (except about their abusive behavior lmao) and are very intelligent. 

I packed my stuff, said goodbye politely to everyone when the dinner was over and left. My empty home is waiting for me. Aloneness is better. The more the time passes the more I feel better alone and less lonely when I am more and more isolated from society.

Another day, another reminder that I am deeply misanthropic.