Subreddit: depression
Title: I want to cry to someone
Author: Icalivy
Score: 17
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 05:29:46
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0z1w8/i_want_to_cry_to_someone/

Do you ever just feel so isolated sometimes that you just hold a plushie and cry, and just wanna talk to someone, but you think of the people you know and can't imagine any of them ever comforting you while you cry?

I'm so down on myself recently. I want to know why I feel this way. When I'm healthiest I know that expressing my healthiness on the outside makes me feel most alive in life... Similarly, the authenticity I feel when I am very sad and alone, and display it through how I act, how I can't bear to be productive, or how I listen to music that connects with me- it helps me feel even more sad, in a helpful way that makes me feel alive. But plenty of times, and right now, I just can't muster either, and I just want to be held. I want to be known, and to talk to someone. I don't have friends who I feel I can reach out to and the best I can do is try and... It just feels so scary, everyone's out for their own self interest. I feel like I can't trust others or feel safe.

I want to know what I was made for, what brings me joy... I don't want to drown in entertainment again, or talk myself to death. I want to hug my child self, I wanna cry, I wanna cry in someone's arms and the best thing I have is this plushie I bought from Marshalls a few years ago when I had an anxiety attack in the store and ran to the stuffed animals section because I didn't know where else to go (I used to collect them when I was little) and I carried it to the checkout and cried in the car hugging him. I want everyone to have hope... I want friends and real connection to flourish in the world connection that is giving, sacrificing even- like my oldest sister who would hear me crying when I was little and go downstairs at 3am to sit with me and talk. That's such a light, were all so scared to help others, or so tired..

I wanna hug and cry