Subreddit: depression
Title: I can’t forgive myself (TW: sexual assault)
Author: william_stoner4488
Score: 6
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 20:15:06
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1fci6/i_cant_forgive_myself_tw_sexual_assault/

In high school I had a best friend and we were super close. I did online studies for a year and when I went back to school I made friends with this one guy. Someone I kind of knew had told me he was weird, but at the time I thought maybe they were just being a little mean and he was a nice kid. Anyway, we became friends and my best friend at the time found out and proceeded to tell me that they had at one point talked to this person and the guy had threatened to kill himself if my friend ever left. I believed her and to be honest I don’t fully remember what I was thinking or what I thought. I swept it under the rug and continued to be friends with him. That alone, to me, is unforgivable. He verbally abused her and yet I stayed friends with him in hopes that he was a better person. Then, not sure how long we had been friends by this point, she told me that he had sexually assaulted someone amongst a list of other horrible things he had done that were not good. I wanted to believe it wasn’t true and that this person wasn’t capable of doing those things and in doing that I let down so many women. He even at one point called my best friend a bitch, she used to be quite mean to me in middle school so I took it as him being harsh for how she acted in the past. I should have never let him get away with calling her that. I remember he had a lot of friends and I remember thinking that if what my friend said was true he wouldn’t have so many friends… I was wrong. All this to say, I’ve never forgiven myself for being friends with someone so vile. I am someone who says that they always believe women, but in this case I didn’t and my heart breaks for his victims and for my friend because of people like me who stay friends with abusers. Sometimes I wish he would have assaulted me because I deserved it for being friends with him. I’m not sure if I’ll ever forgive myself for this or if I even deserve to forgive myself. All I know is that I hope he rots in hell.