Subreddit: Vent
Title: I don't like being me 
Author: Little-Particular450
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2024-12-31 18:36:00
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/Vent/comments/1hqkyuq/i_dont_like_being_me/

It's new years eve, 3.5 hrs to new year and I'm reflecting on the year, as I do every year. I'm with family and friends getting drunk and high, I'm having a good time, but I'm also not. Everytime the end of the year comes it reminds me of how far I am from where I could have been in life. It's not even a situation of fantasizing about what could have been. I am currently out of work as a qualified teacher. I could have had a permanent position at a school but I fucked it up and didn't get a permanent contract when I was there on probation. My previous qualification is a bachelor's in applied geology. Had a job lined up working overseas. I didn't take it. It was my golden ticket to the a good income and a way out of poverty. I live and grew up in a poor community. With regards to relationships I'm always the one to get dumped. I do my best, I try my best but I always get in my own way and fuck things up for myself. I self sabotage and stop myself from progressing in life. I'm 30 years old and still never moved out my mom's house, though I am co owner of the home along with a sibling.  I had a substitute position that ended a end of September and I did not do well at the school because of mental health issues. 

I'm just so tired of being me. I'm dl tired of watching my friends get food jobs, get their own home, start a family knowing I could have that too if I stopped getting in my own way but I can't stop. It just happens. 

Now it's new years eve and once again I'm telling myself this time things will be different, knowing full well I'm likely to just fuck things up in some way or the other. I'm tired of being me. I'm tired of feeling shit, I'm tired of making myself feel shit. I'm just tired of being me. It's like living with a toxic sibling because you are bound to them. You learn to live with them but you are aware that life would be better if you could get away but there's no escape. 