Subreddit: depression
Title: I feel like I can’t even get out of bed anymore.
Author: Fancy_One7300
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 14:28:53
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0f61a/i_feel_like_i_cant_even_get_out_of_bed_anymore/

I feel hopeless lately. My life is pointless. I had to drop out of college and move to my hometown. I gave up a life I worked towards since before high school. Years of being on the honor roll, never missing a day, and working late hours after school to save for college and it’s just gone. 

I’m getting married soon. My soul dog never made it long enough for the wedding. She passed September 16, 2024. She was miserable after the move and declined quick. She was here for every milestone of my life. Literally. I got her when I was 5 and I turned 20 in November. The last thing I wanted to do with her was make her a part of our wedding ceremony. She deserved that. My wedding will be held on September 16, 2025. I hope she’s there watching.

I work a dead end job as a dishwasher. My coworkers and my boss all hate me. They just won’t say it. I was on track to have a career is psychological science. I was hoping to be a social worker. I have student debt and nothing to show for it.

My apartment is a mess. It’s never clean. There’s at least a month of dirty dishes in my sink. I have bags of trash sitting in my hallway from attempting to clean up. It never stays clean though. I’ve started working for door dash after work now to keep myself moving. I manage to care for my four pets and that’s it. I can’t care for myself. I shower when I remember and same for brushing my teeth. On weekends my hair mats because I sleep for days. My apartment is barely livable for me. The pets have clean spaces with everything they need but I never do. There’s never food in the fridge, I never have more than one pair of clean clothes, I have to make a path to walk through my room.

I don’t even eat some days. Some days I just lay in bed. I can barely pay my bills too. I work so much. And I can’t even afford to live. Not that I want to live, but maybe I would if I could afford it. The only thing stopping me from dying is my pets and my fiancé. They need me. If it wasn’t for them I’d be dead.

Does anyone else feel like this? I just don’t know how to keep going. It’s just so miserable. I have nothing to look forward to day to day.