Subreddit: dating
Title: Trying to figure out what I did wrong
Author: Soltaceus
Score: 8
Created UTC: 2024-12-29 20:56:57
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/dating/comments/1hp5mdk/trying_to_figure_out_what_i_did_wrong/

I hit it off with a girl I met while volunteering, and we started exchanging messages. I'm not used to women showing interest in me, so I was pretty excited when she borrowed my sweater, gave me hugs, and sent messages with heart emojis. She asked me out to dinner and a movie a couple days later. I was riding that high and feeling great about myself.

During the movie I put my arm around her, then she one-upped and put my hand down her shirt. A few minutes later, she moved my other hand between her legs. After the movie ended, we walked through the mall while holding eachother extra close. I drove her home, then she invited me up to her apartment. She changed into her pajamas and got out her laptop for us to watch shows. We immediately started making out and knocked the laptop off the couch. I gave her my absolute best massage, then we spooned for a few hours, but didn't go any further than that. It seemed like a perfect date and I felt optimistic that this could be the beginning of an ongoing relationship.

A couple days later, she requested that I take her shopping and drive her to the airport after. I had just started antibiotics, and was feeling sluggish, but I rallied. When I picked her up, she was more distant than the other night and wasn't walking close to me anymore. I thought maybe she was stressed about her flight. I helped her carry her bags to the terminal, then she gave me an awkward side hug, like you would give a stranger, and I left. I tried to call her after her flight. She declined and messaged: "What is the reason you are calling?", I replied: "just saying hi."

It's been 10 days since she last tried to talk to me. I think its over and I'm not sure where I went wrong. Maybe seeing me bloated and low energy from the antibiotics was a turnoff?

I'm wracking my brain trying to figure out what made the dynamics change so quickly.