Subreddit: depression
Title: Low self esteem ruins my enjoyment in life.
Author: zululenovo16
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 06:12:25
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i07od3/low_self_esteem_ruins_my_enjoyment_in_life/

I just graduated high school last year in may, I've been working at the same job for a little over a year now. I have no thought on what to even do with my life. I have no friends that I hang out with, never been to any high school partied or invited, did not go to my senior prom had no date. Probs wasn't gonna get one, never had the fun high school teenager experience.  0 social life outside of my job. never had a first love, not going to college, my mom is stressing me about jobs, i have extreme low self esteem. I couldn't approach a girl even if i wanted to. I feel like nothing in my life is exciting. I don't do anything with my life. Sometimes I question why I had to be here. Its not fun I'm not having fun i don't have the fun that people say you have when you're young. What really gets me is I never had a genuine first love. Part of that is kind of my fault since I don't like to approach women. My low self esteem really holds me back in life. I've always felt like I was always treated differently strictly off of my appearance. I feel like people take me as some kind of joke. I feel like my low self esteem got even worse after I met this girl at my job. She was the 3rd girl I've met in my 18 years of living. I felt like I was gonna ask her to be my Girlfriend. She would have been the first girl I have ever asked to be my girlfriend genuinely. It started with me being a little skeptical about her but knowing me not used to a girl showing interest in me, I ignored all of the red flags I heard about the girl and took the chance since I know I don't have a lot of choices anyway and its rare so I might as well see where it goes. The first 2 months were good I met her family, was working  with her Dad I felt like I had made the right choice with talking to her and was happy for the most part. Started buying her flowers and little things like that, hanging out with her fam for days just enjoying have a girl in my life that I thought maybe genuinely cared about me. It was all so good I felt a spark of care from a girl that I hadn't felt in a while. I told my mom about her she met my mom. I was even planning on how I would ask her to be my gf I had it all planned out Told my friends about her and everything I remember the night I was planning everything I felt somethin holding me back from going through with asking her to be my gf. I didn't know why. I liked the girl a lot, so what was stopping me? I have no idea but I am glad that feeling stopped me because maybe depression would have kicked my ass a lot harder than it does now. I waited to see If I was ready to ask the girl to be my gf. As I was waiting maybe 3 weeks later   She told me she was going through some stuff and I told her I could give her space and I would still be there for her. Couple days later we are texting and she tells me how she misses her ex so very much. That they dated for 3 years and she cant let something like that go. Read that text and It sent me into a spiral I have never felt that mental pain in my life I don't think. A girl I thought genuinely cared for me didn't truly care for me after all and was Using me to get over her ex? I felt unworthy of love, too unattractive for love. Maybe if I was more attractive would she have ever said that? Would that have got her mind of her ex? If I was more attractive? That whole week or 2 my mind went into an auto pilot mode. I felt this dark energy that i can't explain. I cried, I went numb, I felt hate for her. She made me feel unworthy. It sent me into this dark state where I cried for God to take me I didn't want to live in this world anymore I felt as If I wasn't made for it. That is where it started. I graduated and I have no friends, No thought of the future no goals. Simply existing, No first love, Low self esteem, I cant even see myself at 20 or 30. I just feel like I was simply put here as a punishment maybe? What am I doing with my life. My low self esteem stops me from getting certain jobs it takes a big tole on my life and my future. Its harder to move in life with low self esteem. Sometimes I sit back and think what it would be like to know I was handsome. Not some self confidence bs that people use to cope with their appearance but to actually have girls stare at me and want me. I catch myself sometimes checking my phone thinking someone has texted but that's never the case. Every time I try to move forward in life something tells me no, I wont let you move forward stay back with me. I feel like I am a disappointment to my mom and dad as well no bright future ahead of myself no college or thought of a nice job or any goals. If you were to ask where I saw myself in 10-20 years I'd say maybe not here, maybe and alcoholic drinking away my pain, maybe in a mental institute. Can someone please help me if you relate at all to this post?