Subreddit: depression
Title: Tired
Author: dark_soul8
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 21:35:31
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0pca5/tired/

I don’t know man, just tired. I don’t have the energy to write all my sorrows, but I still want to feel less alone, you know?
I’ve been struggling for quite some time, I tired to ask my mother for help, but she denied more than once. 
I’m a Christian, I have God by my side, I should be the light to other people, but it’s hard for me to still have hope, when I suffered a great deal of pain in my life.
I have unresolved trauma and other things that fill my list of problems, but the real problems are the triggers man.
I’ve been feeling bad for years and I learned how to cope with my stuff somehow, but when I’m tired and something triggers me, it all comes crushing down.
Sometimes I fear myself and What I could do if I just let go of control.
I have suicidal thoughts, thoughts of harming myself and others. I just want to be ok, I don’t want to die, life has offered me a lot of great things too, but my burden is becoming too heavy to carry all by myself.
I have been wondering if I should start smoking cigarettes, or doing drugs, or self hard again, but it’s scary, I’m young and those secrets would be too heavy to carry, too big to hide. It’s just that I’m hurting so much, I can’t deal with it anymore. I need to find a way to cope with all this shit.
Do people really suffer like me?, like this? even when things are going all fine for them? I know I have some trauma, but I have a great life now, and I still feel bad, not all the times tho.
I was sexually assaulted for years as a child, by my pears, and bullied by all kinds of people, younger, older, adults, boys, girls; it was hard. I isolated myself in highschool, I became mute, and I lost so mane friends. There was a time where I thought of killing myself everyday. I had panic attacks daily.
Now I don’t know how I was able to push through back then, but I know I don’t have the same strenght now. Well, it’s hard, but next week i’ll be 18 so it’s nice to know I made it this far, I thank God for all the good he has done for me, may God help us all.
