Subreddit: TrueOffMyChest
Title: 19M, late 20sF – Confused About an Older Woman’s Interest in Me
Author: 5_Dollar_Gigs
Score: 0
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 02:51:49
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/1i0488p/19m_late_20sf_confused_about_an_older_womans/

Last year, I started going to varsity and moved away from home to stay at my campus residence. One day, I went to a shopping center nearby to replace my lost bank card. At the bank, I was assisted by a female customer service officer who looked like she was in her late 20s (26-28ish). She was really pretty.

While she was working on her PC to make my new bank card, she randomly told me I looked like one of the actors from a popular soapie. I had no idea who she was talking about because I hate watching TV, but I just smiled it off. Then she complimented me, which caught me off guard.

As she continued, she started asking me questions. First, she asked how old I was, so I told her I was 19 and that I studied at a varsity nearby. Then she asked about my favorite music. I told her I was into trap and shared my favorite artist and what they rap about. Out of nowhere, she said, "Oh, you're into girls as well." That question felt weird to me, but I answered yes.

Before I knew it, she wrote her phone number on a small piece of paper and asked for mine. I gave it to her because I didn’t want to seem rude. She then suggested we see each other again. I jokingly asked, "Here?" She responded, "Yeah, or is there anywhere else we can see each other?" I said no. She then mentioned that we could hang out during her breaks.

She finished making my bank card, and I left the bank. Honestly, I didn’t know how to process what had just happened. Back at my campus residence, I told my friend the whole story. He had been in a nearby retail store while I was at the bank. I explained how shocked I was that an older woman had approached me, especially since she knew my age.

As we walked back to res, I got a phone call from an unknown number. I assumed it was her and decided not to answer because the whole situation had me confused.

To be honest, I would’ve considered giving it a shot, but the age gap and the way everything happened concerned me. Whenever I think of older women going for younger guys, I assume their intentions might not be genuine—that they might want to use them.

Because of that, I ignored her call and never went back to that bank. The situation still confuses me, and I sometimes wonder if I made the right choice.