Subreddit: depression
Title: I want to kill myself 
Author: amber121004
Score: 25
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 10:45:50
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0bbdy/i_want_to_kill_myself/

I want to kill myself. I genuinely can’t do it anymore. I (20F) just feel so behind and like no matter what I do it’ll never be enough. I’m hardly working and my parents constantly give me shit about it. I want to work more, but I’m too useless and depressed to work heaps of hours because I end up thinking I’m a failure, and become too depressed to get out of bed each day to turn up. I have wanted to fix this for years, but I can’t no matter what I try. Maybe I’m just lazy and as useless as I feel. My parents say they are worried I will be behind in life because I don’t work or do enough, and always say I’m so lazy and don’t do anything but they don’t know how hard I’m fighting to be alive. I told my parents I was depressed and they did not care one bit, but when my sister said she was depressed they bent over backwards for her. Everything in my life is a comparison to my sister and how much better she is than me. I got SA’d and I didn’t even tell my family because I didn’t think they would support me. They would just blame me for not being conscious enough of my surroundings or that I wasn’t paying attention and that it’s my fault. I feel disgusting. I don’t want to live with myself and I can’t take it anymore. I have a boyfriend who is so unbelievably supportive and loving, and he is the only reason why I haven’t gone through with it yet. I just feel like such a failure, and even though people always tell you it gets better, it doesn’t. I have felt this way for years and have hoped it would get better but it never does. My boyfriend said that things would be better when I move out of home eventually, but I don’t have the money for that and even though I am still working a little bit, it’s nowhere near enough. I can’t wait for years. I can hardly make it through each day yet I don’t want to hurt the people around me. I don’t know what to do I genuinely can’t do this shit anymore.

Update: thank you everyone for all the nice comments, I really wasn’t expecting anyone to read this post. I’m trying to find another job that hopefully isn’t too draining, and to give myself another chance before I give up. I definitely think my parents are a big issue and I need to get away from them as soon as I can. It’s just hard to find work and keep it even though I’m trying. 