Subreddit: teenagers
Title: Maybe my real destiny was to just stay in my room for the rest of my life
Author: DavoMcBones
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-04 01:00:13
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/1ht2cm4/maybe_my_real_destiny_was_to_just_stay_in_my_room/

I'm actually getting sick of it now. There are three people in this world. Introverts who perfer being alone, extroverts who perfer being with people, and ambiverts which is kind of a mix of both.


I am non of those.


I get sad and depressed when I'm alone, I get stressed and overwhelmed when I'm with people. BOTH situations are DRAINING and I dont find joy in both.


I haven't been out of the house in weeks, my parents asked me if I want to come to the hardware store with them, I said okay I came with them. But when I got there my brain woudnt shut up with the amount of noise and people and shit going on that I absolutely cannot think properly. My mind is not in a stable state that when I tripped on one of the aisles I violently kicked it and when one of the staff asked if I was okay I shouted at him told him to mind his own fucking buisness. This is not me, my mind was so overwhelmed that I cannot make reasonable decisions or actions anymore. When we got home I just walked back to my room and locked the door, as usual, nothing different.. again.


My parents are starting to think that I love being in my room, that I prefer to stay inside all day instead of going outside and living  my life. That is NOT what I want, I want to live my life!! Go outside and explore things, but everytime I do I drown in my own thoughts and emotions that I cannot actually "live" the moment even if it's something as fucking simple as shopping at a hardware store.. maybe my parents are right.. maybe i do "enjoy" staying in my room bed rotting doing nothing contributing nothing to society at all. 


Maybe this is my true destiny, to ghost all of my freinds after graduation, to speak to no one ever again, to just sit here all day giving life advice to people on reddit when I cant even fix MY OWN fucking life, to worsen my astigmatism by staring at a phone for the rest of my life, and become the attention seeking spoiled brat that I am.. if so.. fuck that, I want to change it before it gets worse, I dont want to continue my life like this but I dont know how