Subreddit: BPD
Title: Im so tired of everything 
Author: _raven_the_knight
Score: 7
Created UTC: 2024-12-30 15:15:33
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/BPD/comments/1hppc26/im_so_tired_of_everything/

Im so tired of working customer service, customers treat me like shit and I have to stand there with a smile on my face the whole time. I'm tired every second of every day. All I look forward to is smoking when i get home. I have no one. My family has always been emotionally absent. I don't have any friends. I've never had a good relationship with a man. I crave intimacy. I have a crush on this guy and he texts me mostly every day but I know he just wants sex and i always give it to him because i just want someone to hold me.

All I ever think about is what's wrong with the world, what's wrong with my life, the things I should have done and should be doing and should be focusing on. I could have been so much better than this and I could've done great things with my life and instead I sit here in my self pity thinking about men who don't think about me. I really don't think there's someone out there for me. I feel like it's somehow my fault for being like this. Often times I don't know my own personality because I hide so much from everyone and I don't remember the last time I felt like myself with someone. Or I do but it hurts to remember how long ago that was. 

I wish I had friends. I don't know why it's so hard to make them. I find that im really awkward with new people so I don't talk a lot. I'm going out for new years alone because my friends that i use to hang out with haven't talked to me since my birthday in May even tho we had a great time and I've tried reaching out to them to no avail. I'm scared I'm gonna go out for new years and not talk to anyone or have fun but I dont wanna spend another new years crying. Idk what to do im just so tired of myself and the world it feels like it's all crushing down on me. I'm also working 8 days in a row and it's just so hard dealing with customers 24/7