Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITA for being mad at my sister in law, my husband and his family?
Author: ajmjn
Score: 80
Created UTC: 2024-12-29 17:43:02
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1hp18ff/aita_for_being_mad_at_my_sister_in_law_my_husband/

My sister in law and I had a huge fight because she claimed my husband and I smoked weed in front of all the kids. We didn't and I defended us both. Words were exchanged when she started accusing us of all sorts of stuff and it was left at that. It was just the two of us present.

She went and told the family a bunch of lies, claiming that I said things that I didn't. These weren't silly stuff and included that I said her husband is an alcoholic and that he abuses his children. 

My husband's entire family went off on me and made me an outcast. 

I told my husband that this wasn't true, told him the truth, and he said it would be better to just "let it go" 

He didn't want drama, or conflict, and even though he was mad at his sister, he says that I shouldn't have engaged her at all and that they could believe whatever they wanted. I felt it was necessary to have a conversation with her because she was keeping the kids apart because of what she alleged me and my husband did and I could see how it was affecting my daughter not being able to play with her cousin. 

I made a recording of our conversation because this wasn't the first time people in his family turned things around on me. 

I sent the recording to his family and her husband, saying that I never said those things and I felt hurt that my sister in law would lie like this.

They all just let it go and pretend like it never happened. No one apologized to me. No one admitted that they were wrong. My sister in law hasn't apologized. It's like it never happened. 

And my husband said it would be best to just let it go to avoid further conflict. 

And that's it. 

AITA for being mad that they didn't apologize? AITA for not wanting to let this go and not wanting to just pretend like it didn't happen? 

This happened a month ago and they all just continue like it never happened and like they never went off on me. 

