Subreddit: depression
Title: lonliness (so much text) 
Author: l3v7r4ms3sc4st1ll0
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 23:36:53
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0s4zq/lonliness_so_much_text/

I have no one to talk to, I'm alone, and the person I love hates me and doesn't want to know anything about me for a long time. I still can't get over it, maybe it's addiction, but I feel like I love her. I spent this Christmas and New Year lying in my room staring at the ceiling, with the same thoughts that have haunted me for so long, with new scars on my arms, with the tempting idea of ​​trying to kill myself. Hating my face, hating my body, hating my mind, hating myself; but what I hate the most are the mistakes I made throughout my life. My life hasn't treated me very well, and I wondered if I deserved it. After the things I did, I know I deserve it, but it's normal to screw everything up big time when you've been dealing with an addiction since you were ten years old, it only took ten more years to recognize that I have a serious problem that drives me crazy. I couldn't develop my social skills as a child, I don't know how to talk to people, I don't know how to be myself, because I don't even know if I exist. I don't have money for therapy, I don't have friends, I don't have anyone who cares; I want to die, I want to disappear, but I feel like I'm chained to life, I'm useless, and I cut myself because I deserve it, and because I feel like it's the only thing I can do about it. There's so much I'd like to say, but I'm tired of doing it over and over again without anyone really caring, so all I can do is vent, waiting for something I don't know what it is. I want to be a good person, but I feel like instead of moving forward, I'm going backwards, and I'm stuck in the same place; I'm stuck in this, and I'm tired of me. I'm not a good person no matter how much I want to, no matter how hard I try, I don't move forward, I haven't done anything good for myself or anyone, the only thing I've achieved is being a failure, being a failure as a friend, as a brother, as a boyfriend, as a son, as a person. I am a failure, but at least I have the consolation that the day I die, I want to be able to donate all the organs in my body that I can. There are people who do want to live, people with a future, with a whole life ahead of them, people who need one more chance, with a new heart or something. It will be my first and only good deed, at least I will be able to die with the consolation that at least once in my life, I did something good. Also, it seems ugly and selfish to me that while there are people who want a life, those of us who don't want it, we end up with everything and are buried or cremated with a healthy body that won't be of any use, like a waste, it's like giving bread to someone who isn't hungry, ignoring a malnourished person next to them. So, maybe I lost everything, but at least I have that; that consolation, everything I have. 