Subreddit: depression
Title: I’m ready to kill myself
Author: Sobamaskunlimited
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 22:38:14
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1ill4/im_ready_to_kill_myself/

I am honestly doing the work. I gave seen progress but it’s not enough I feel no joy.

I have made no excuses for myself, I quit my job and took a 50% pay cut to pursue my dream of being a Network Engineer. Helli turned my whole life around for it. I had a gf a social life and I left all of that for this. I was really unhappy with my situation it wasn’t good enough. I had people around me but no one had respect for me. I had a girl friend but she was the least attractive out of all of her friends. On my journey for a greater path- I study everyday I work at it tirelessly and understand it will take a lot of time to get to where I want.

I realized I was fat and no one likes or respects a fat bastard. I go to the gym 6 days a week I eat good I have lost some weight. I see the progress.

I am lonley. No one is going to want to talk to someone that only make 25 an hour and lives with his mother. From the outside looking it it looks like I am doing nothing with my life. 

I’m just tired.
I’m done. And I’m so lonley, I’m fully alienated from human interaction outside of work and my social skills have become so bad that I can’t even speak with people anymore. I used to be filled with light I don’t know what happened.

But yeah this is more than likely farewell to the world for me. I do want to see my mom 1 more time maybe I’ll convince her to go to dinner or something before the end of the week.

I plan on going to Home Depot tonight and buying everything I need to be able to hang myself off a large tree in sequoia national park. I know exactly where this tree is.

And yes. This is the cowards way out I understand that. And I understand that I will be hurting my mom who is the only person that cares about me. From my point of view though she will be much better off- she will be free from embarrassment of her shitty son who is a loser.

So yeah this is it for me!

Peace out