Subreddit: dating
Title: How do I (23F) apologize to my Bf’s (23M) parents?
Author: MamiYPapiNoseAman
Score: 4
Created UTC: 2025-01-11 04:04:29
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/dating/comments/1hynlla/how_do_i_23f_apologize_to_my_bfs_23m_parents/

Hi hi! I really need some advice.
I (23F) and my bf (21M) have been dating (officially) for a little under a month but we did have a very tense, definitely not friendly, slow burn of a “friendship” for months beforehand.

We’re college students but because of winter break, he’s currently back at his parents house and he doesn’t have a car. As such, if we hang out it had to be at his parents and I had to meet his parents very early on. He however didn’t tell them that we were officially “bf and gf” and in a relationship before I met them. This is his very first relationship and I think he just didn’t really know how to navigate the etiquette.

Well… we show up at his house at 10pm after our date with me holding some Pasteles en hojas (Dominican dish)me and my mom made as a gift (he’s Puerto Rican). I’m incredibly nervous and his parents are PAINFULLY awkward. But it goes….ok.

Here’s where I messed up… eventually we excuse ourselves and go to the basement to watch a show and hang out. We end up cuddling, we kiss for the first time (yay!), and send the entire night talking and chatting. It’s genuinely a wholesome good time. 

*looks at watch* uh oh… it’s 5:30am. I pack up my stuff, we kiss bye and I flee the scene to drive back home. Well… his dad was awake, peeing. His parents proceed to sit him down the next day and give him a massive lecture and “the talk”. And going off what he told me about the lecture… his father doesn’t like/ is suspicious of my intentions (because I’m older and am WAY more independent) while his mother doesn’t seem to care as much as long as he stays safe. Fair enough, this was a TERRIBLE first impression.

I’m visiting him tomorrow. His dad won’t there, but his mom will be. They expressed that they were uncomfortable with a stranger being in there house so late. How do I go about apologizing for leaving there house so late? I don’t want them to think I’m some older girl out to corrupt their innocent son.

Edit: I realized I messed up his age in the title, he’s actually 21.