Subreddit: depression
Title: Can traumatic events cause short term memory loss? M29
Author: jackmiaw
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-17 12:45:09
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i3fjnn/can_traumatic_events_cause_short_term_memory_loss/

I never told this anyone. And I never opened. I was raised in bad family. My dad used heroin and I'm pretty sure my mom did it  to. As a kid I was hyperactive and I always annoyed my family my dad used to tie me up to a heat radiator, and I always got beaten up. I have 2 sister one went to America when she got 18 ( thats my oldest sister 1989). My middle sister(1995) ended up with grandma at early age probably 2-5 years old. Me (1996) I ended up with my parents. I had it worse since I was always hyper it would annoy my dad and I would mostly get beated up. School was kinda hard my mom (she's dead since 2011) would always help me she finished alchemy school ) she was really smart. On vikends I would go to my grandpa and be there and he would than bring me to school at Mondays and go to work. Then I would go back home. I was never shown love as a kid. Yes I had everything since my dad used to sell weed alot. Soo no matter what I asked I would get it. But he wasn't there most of the time. Either I jail. Or he would just bring me on those like Slavic event  where there is alot to drink and food and entertainment for kids)   School was horrible I would always make trouble, or I would be provocate and end in a fight Wich would all blame go on me. And even if I didn't start the fight first the blame was on me. Heck school didn't help shit.  Every time when school organizes a trip everyone else would go except me (because I'm probably gonna make trouble) I did sports a lot handball was my gift. But I ended it early because I hated it. As a kid I never really had friends because I was the son of a drug seller/addict. Most of the time I was left out on everything. No friends no school trips. Learning was a problem I would most of the time learning everything that is written.  (I did drugs in high school it was weed but for around 1 year) I doubt weed would cause this type of memory loss..  I also can't remember visually aphantasia. Today at work I was stressed out since I didn't work 2 days was sick and I couldn't make a call to the boss. I was literally dying in home high fever.. the work manager told me one more time If i don't come I lm gonna get fired... Today we went to fix a track. And I thought I lost a tool and boom problems  they knew where the tool was but they gaslighted me in thinking I lost it. He told if I'm doing drugs I told him no. I did a drug test when I was doing my medical exam for the job. Since I told the psychiatrist that I'm having trouble to sleep. She sent me to do drug test because she thought I was using some drugs.. 

I did work 1 year as a construction worker I did good there but I left because the boss didn't want to give me a wager raise. I had the lowest wage from all. I knew my job and I did everything but mostly iron work. 