Subreddit: depression
Title: Help
Author: manufacturingred
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hrd3h7/help/

Anyone else with the same life experience?

Ever since I was 16 I have probably gone outside (for socialising) probably five times. Im 27 now turning 28 this year. I wasn’t scared of going outside when it came to going for walks at night or grabbing or running an errand with my car. but I always had massive anxiety if I was going with a public transport or a mall near my house. That might be because of body dysmorphia or general low self- esteem.  


But where my life has been destroyed is my inability to socialise with my friends or go out to to social places and create memories tho loved ones or friends. Last time I went out to get food with my friends was back in 2018. And also Finishing college even though I know the subject really well. I started my studies back In January 2021 and I only managed to go to classes for a month. I was already 23 going on 24 back then and already behind and now it’s even worse. I couldn’t stop comparing myself to everyone specially the younger students who were 18- 20. If I have any agoraphobia is probably that. Me dropping out led to a life crisis for me. I was 24, and I saw my old buddies linked in . He went to a much better school and at the time was getting his masters . This made me feel like I probably won’t get good jobs when I graduate. And that I might as well give up now. Thing is had I kept on I would’ve graduated now, had degree, not lived with my parents and they would’ve been proud of me. For some reason I thought the worst about the future and I ended up here. And now four years later here I am thinking the same thoughts again. Any way dropping out and seeing my former friends succeeding then led to my worst ever depression and suicidal ideation back in 2022 and 2023. I gained over 100b and didn’t brush my teeth for year and half. And now that same depression and suicidal thoughts are coming back again. 

I can’t stop myself from searching my old high school classmates on LinkedIn and seeing what they’ve been up to. They have established careers and some of them have moved overseas to work and are living their lives. While I decided to give up on life back in 2021 because I thought to myself if I can’t even get though intro classes in college with out being an anxious mess, then I have no hope. And now I’m beating my self up for having quit, because the people I started it with have graduated this past month. Even if I was allowed back as some one with zero credits ( I’ve sent emails to my course advisor) I would be 31 when I graduate which would make me a decade behind everyone else in my age group. 

At this point the only choice I have is going back to therapy or to my local doctors who I use to go to back 2021( I live in Finland so if you want subsidised therapy you have to go to a nurse and then they are supposed to refer you to physiatrist. I’ve been going since 2019, and when my mental health worsened in 2021 I could not bear to continue anymore while I was waiting for psychiatrist)when I was going through that and tell them that I either should be sent to an actual therapy or something like cognitive behavioural therapy or it’s just suicide for me.  Because, I don’t know about you guys but I don’t want to live in fear and do nothing in my life while I see other people enjoying and living their lives normally. Hopefully this post won’t banned for me having talked about suicide. 

I don’t want to do it and have major fears over it. Like failing and ending up paralysed and also the pain that it would cause my family. 

The reason why I think I naught have agoraphobia is because even though I’m not scared of leaving the house at night or in a place where no one knows me specifically people I grew up with is because if there even is a possibility of running into someone I know is all it takes for me not to leave the house.

Any advise from people in similar situations now or in the past would be appreciated. Thank you!

 