Subreddit: depression
Title: My ex fiancee
Author: Ted_Oz_25
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hrkmp2/my_ex_fiancee/

You know, it's literally just me fucking myself over her at this point. She ghosted me. She's probably "living her best life now". "Waiting for the right one" 
As she was already seeing someone shortly after she left me the first time. "I didn't get a new years kiss for the last 3yrs" but I have evidence of that being a lie. "I wish you would've hit me instead of making me a crazy bitch" I wanted her to take accountability for making me crazy, but somehow I turned her into a crazy person? I would video game with my friends when I would get out of work at night for an hour or 2 (quite literally) if I was lucky. 
I quit smoking cigarettes for her and the kids. I hardly hung out with anyone. I was starting out on new medication and struggling with it. She must've not seen how far I had come and how much I was giving up. I'm also a trans individual so being on hormones and new medication can be tricky. But she left me. She left me when I had finally found the right medicine and when my friends were dying left and right. When I really needed her, every single time I needed her. She would find a way to leave. Would you believe she put a ring on me? She proposed to me? And I just.. I don't understand why I wasn't allowed to feel any sort of frustration or anything of the sort. Like I was supposed to be just normal throughout all the battles I was handling. She left me. And I still miss her. I must be fucking crazy. I was going to therapy throughout our relationship and still do. She would find every reason not to go to therapy. But I was the abusive one. She was so insecure and I just couldn't understand why anything I did or said would be assuring enough. It almost feels like looking back, she never wanted us to make it, and that's probably the most painful part. Because I did everything, EVERYTHING, I could possibly do to keep you mine. And you ghosted me without a second thought. I'm still not sure how to recover. It's literally a New Year and I'm still fucking stuck on you.  