Subreddit: depression
Title: no one takes me seriously and I need someone to listen & talk too
Author: Separate_Ad7384
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hrfk74/no_one_takes_me_seriously_and_i_need_someone_to/

I hope someone reads this, even if I will most likely write a novel. But I really need someone who listens to me and maybe understands me. I don't enjoy life. I do nothing all day, I have lost all my previous interests, meeting with friends is harder for me and I isolate myself from everyone around me. I want to be alone, at the same time it makes me sad - because I don't want to feel alone. In 2 weeks I will be sixteen years old, so way too young to be depressed, right? That it is at least what my environment and especially my family tell me. My mother thinks it's a phase that goes by. But how long is this supposed to last? My grades are getting worse and worse, I'm lazy, but without wanting it. My friends, how should I describe it, overwhelm me? No idea, I can't really trust anyone, I always think they talk bad about me, in my "group of friends" there is constant blasphemy, so certainly also about me. I got a nose piercing a few weeks ago and I'm 100% sure that's why I'm being blasphemed. And somewhere blasphemy is also normal, I do it sometimes, but if I know that someone is talking bad about me I could immediately cry. No idea, but I'm not made for friendships. I think I talk too much, sometimes too little, behave strangely, I'm no one's best friend. I have no idea to explain stupidly. Food doesn't go so well either. Sometimes way too much, sometimes nothing at all. I have a normal weight. Nevertheless, I often put my finger in my throat. vomiting somehow frees me. I've also been going to therapy for a few weeks, but It doesn't really help. I have the feeling that no one takes me seriously. I would be very interested in how they look if I were no longer there. I would like not to be there anymore. I do nothing all day, no hobbies, no interests. I sleep endlessly, fall asleep without wanting to. always tired. I don't feel like it anymore.  I wouldn't mind dying now.

On the other hand, I have "pre-planned" my entire future. I have a complete idea for my life. I would like to become a (dental) medical assistant, I have already done an internship in this profession and would have preferred to stay there instead of going back to school. I live in Germany, but would like to live in the Netherlands in 5-10 years, preferably Amsterdam. I would like to have a dachshund which I would call Horst. At the beginning I would like to live alone, later have a boyfriend and have 2-3 children with him and a healthy one of my own!!! Start a family without all the fucked up backstories. that's how my life should be, and I would love to live it right now. but what if my future doesn't become that way? What if the "depression" (I'm not diagnosed, that's why "") doesn't stop, gets worse? I don't think I could handle that.

At the moment, what sounds stupid, I don't want to improve my condition. how stupid, right? I have no strength to do so and have the feeling that I have to get really depressed and sick so that someone finally takes it seriously. The thought of ending it is getting stronger and stronger. and no one understands me. As well as, on the one hand I don't want all this anymore, on the other hand I dream of living in Amsterdam. Stupid to explain. But that's how it is.

I hope someone reads this, (thanks if you did) and maybe understand. No matter if adult or teen, I would be grateful for answers from anybody. 

Thank you. 