Subreddit: depression
Title: In need of some support
Author: Fit-Acanthaceae-161
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hsgiii/in_need_of_some_support/

In March of 2024, I had my whole life flipped upside. I (20) had a major stroke due to my birth control. In moment, I was laying in bed finishing a movie with my boyfriend, the next I was being life flighted to a better hospital for surgery. I don’t remember much from the few days I was at the hospital- all I know is that I didn’t feel the same. 

I’ve been diagnosed with major depressive for the past 2, almost 3 years now, but I’ve never felt so extremely low in my entire life. Something in me died the day I had my stroke. Maybe I just knew my life would never be the same again. 

I used to be an artist- I would draw in sketchbooks and on my drawing tablet- I even work at a craft store. I love to crochet and make my friends gifts. I play videogames with my boyfriend and our friends on my pc- but now, I’m having to learn how to write left handed because my hand hurts to bad to hold a pencil. 

I have spasticity in my hand and foot on the right side of my body. My toes curl under my foot making walking painful and my hand curls up whenever I try to do any task. 

I’m so, utterly miserable, in my own body. I try to talk to my boyfriend about it- and he tries so hard to make me comfortable and does anything I can’t do for me. He is so perfect but he doesn’t understand. I don’t have anyone to talk to about what I’m going through because no one understands. I mask my true feelings 99.99% of the time- the only time I have to be my depressed self is at night when I can’t sleep. 

Every time I go over to my boyfriend’s apartment and he parts close to the road- I think about jumping into the traffic- and I have to move away quickly because I don’t trust myself not to. 

I’ve burdened my parents with my medical debt, I’ve stopped my boyfriend from doing what he wants to do because he stays and takes care of of me. 

I’m so drained, and so so tired. I’m so miserable, I don’t know what to do anymore. I wish I could have the old me back, the me before the stroke- I want too draw again, crochet again- I can’t find joy in anything because everything causes me pain.  

If you read this far thank you- just knowing someone out there is reading this brings me a little peace. 