Subreddit: depression
Title: Feel so hopeless
Author: Rare-Departure-7969
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hrdpme/feel_so_hopeless/

I don’t even know what to do, I don’t feel there is any way out of this as I’ve been suffering with chronic mental and physical health issues since 6 years old and I’m now 27. I can’t work due to my health issues trust me I have tried so fucking hard but I simply can’t. Disability payments only go so far I am in a negative budget every month, I just keep progressively getting more behind. I feel so trapped, alone and isolated. I can’t seem to connect with people or feel emotions towards them, I could be in a room full of all my family and friends and still feel alone. I’m so tired of the chronic physical and mental pain I’m in every damn day, to cut down on costs I have been considering driving down to a state with a warmer climate so I can live in my car year round just to cut the expense of rent out. With where I’m located right now a car is a necessity with all my healthcare appointments an hour away, all the trips to pharmacy, groceries, it’s nice to have to get out of the house because I just feel so trapped inside these walls. I have already stopped taking one of my medications to help save money, it’s not like I can just go work and catch up on bills and have a chance to get out of poverty. No matter what I do I am stuck, suicidal everyday almost since I was in elementary school. I have lost so many people over the years due to my health issues, people don’t know how to respond after a while or talk to you when you are constantly in a bad place. I am in endless agony, I’m an atheist but still will pray sometimes saying if there is a god out there please don’t let me wake up. I can’t stop the endless stress which isn’t helping at all. I am in survival fight or flight all the time. My mom try’s to help me but she can only do so much. My dad won’t help me even in the slightest financially even though he’s better off financially than my mom. I didn’t ask to be born, I wish I was never born. Now I have to suffer endlessly and the people that brought me into this  world either don’t have enough resources to help or refuses to help wether it be through reaching out to me and talking and checking up on me or even financially to help me with emergency car repairs or something. I’m just decaying everyday, I try to put on a smile in public for short periods of time most people wouldn’t outright be able to know something is wrong but once behind closed doors it all comes out. I just want it all to end 😭😭😭😭😭.