Subreddit: depression
Title: Will it gets better?
Author: Icy_Educator_7006
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hsngzg/will_it_gets_better/

Hi,

Sorry in advance for my English but it’s my second language.
It will be  long post. More like complaining about my life. Probably should go do that with a specialist but I didn’t seek for help yet. I don’t think that specialist or anybody can help me with that, till I sort out my problems. 
On the begging, I have a question to people whose depression was caused by financial issues but they managed to financially recover. Did your depression faded or it's still with you?

Tl;dr

I had an accident at work,off sick for long time, went into massive debts. Employer rejected liability. Won after few years but money went to debts and mental health destroyed. Few years of life lost. Depression hard, motivation low.  New hits from life from time to time. Angry that something bad keep happening. Perspective of another surgery that will destroy me financially. Would love to have a child but can’t afford. Getting older and older. Afraid that it will be too late when I will recover. Afraid that depression will stay with me when I recover from debts. No happiness from life. Can’t focus on anything. I don’t like new myself-sad, nervous unmotivated . What to do?

Longer version: 

I don't remember having mental issues before it's all started. I was from poor family but I  think that I was happy, full of energy and positive. I always believed that there is a need to act to sort the issue rather than thinking about the issue. I remember myself like that.

I am from poor family so I wasn’t able to get any good support.
In some point of my life I decided to move to the other country. I had two options in my mind:
1. Stay there forever
2. Earn some money, come back to my country and go to uni.

Not long after I moved, I had an accident at work. I wasn't at fault at all but it was serious. I had a surgery, some complications. I ended up on a very long sick. Then when the problems started. Sick pay here is very low and will not even cover rent. I applied for benefits but was rejected. I was forced to take loans. As I had no credit history I ended up taking shit ones-quick loans and credit cards. It wasn’t that bad then as I still hoped for some compensation.

 I wasn’t fit to work longer than I expected due to the complications so in some point I was forced to pay loans with another loans. I started to getting ready for compensation process. Employer lied(false accusations that it was my fault etc)and rejected liability and then it’s get really shit. 

I was still not fit to work but in some point I was forced to look for something- no more loans possibilities and I was really scared of becoming homeless. For first 6-8 months after coming back to work,I ended up changing jobs often, due to not being fit enough for the job and/or because of my sicks connected to the injury. It didn’t gets much  better with the loans. I was able mainly to pay some interest on that stage but at least I was able to pay rent etc.

I had a big hope for that compensation as I had witnesses etc but employer wasn’t changing their mind. They claimed that they have their own witnesses(those people weren’t even there when accident happened). In some point I was forced to take it to court. COVID hit so lockdowns and everything gets delayed. 
I was already bad mentally and overwhelmed. I needed money quickly. I managed to find full time job in covid(low paid but paid) so I started to manage debts better but I was paying mainly the interest. Any bad event in life and I was getting deeper in a hole.

Before court proceedings starts there is negotiation process. Employer rejected our requested amount and claim itself. I was advised by the lawyers to accept lower amount and reduce proceedings only to liability. On that stage I lived in a fear of losing that case anyway. If that would happen I would be without options to recover financially and it would be probably end of my life.  I didn’t want to but agreed to lower amount, as if court would not agree I would end up paying a lot of costs(to lawyer as well as he advised to accept lower amount) and it would be much longer.

I won in the court but money went to cover the debts. I have a feeling that I lost 6 years of my life. My mental health was destroyed in that period. I lived in a continuous stress, trying not to drown in debts. No holidays, no real life. Only stress. All my plans gone. 

It gets a little better when I won but soon after I lost a decent paid job. I was afraid of being unemployed so took first job that I found(shit job, shit pay)but I can’t find anything better really.
I still have some debts but I should manage to pay in a year or two. The problem is that I am getting older. I would like to have a child. My partner would love as well. She is trying to convince me from 2 years now but I can’t afford it. Maternity pay sucks here and we couldn’t survive only on my wages. I don’t want our future child to struggle in life. I want to provide him/her much better life than I had I want to be able to support but I still didn’t sorted out my issues.

I recently get know that I will probably need a surgery. In the worst scenario I will be not able to work for 12 months(but there is a chance for 3months). I didn’t tell my partner yet. Anyway I have a feeling that she is wasting her time with me. 
I can delay the surgery  it but in some point it can unavoidable.

I don’t know what to do. Sometimes I have a feeling that I live in a simulation and someone is making fun of me, making my life more and more difficult. I didn’t include other bad events in my life as I want to stay anonymous but every time when I started to have hope that I will be better, something bad, out of my control was happening. I have enough. Nothing is making me happy anymore. I can’t focus on anything. I am speaking with my gf but sometimes catching myself that I wasn’t listening. I overthinking everything. Still thinking about financials, that we should be planning a baby but we can’t, about that future surgery, about the past. I am angry that I had this accident, that it wasn’t my fault but it destroyed my life and I didn’t get proper compensation, I am angry that I didn’t have anybody who could support me then. I have no motivation and energy to anything. I have the feeling that it doesn’t matter what I will do, the life will find the way to put me down. I feel that it’s just unfair that it’s keep happening to me.  Angry that I can’t progress, go to uni, open a business as I am still paying debts.
I become different person. I was extrovert, now introvert. I was patient, now I become nervous, argues for stupid things. I kind of hate myself now, I hate who I become.

My main issues are around financials but I am worried now that depression will stay with me even if I recover. Will I become less stressed, nervous, hopefull or I will just stay like that?
Did anybody had financial issues and depression caused by these? Did it get better when you financially recovered? 
Hoping for some stories with positive outcome but I know that life is life.