Subreddit: depression
Title: I’m turning 24 in 18 days and I don’t want want to die before experiencing love
Author: Comfortable-Box9291
Score: 3
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hs4jhf/im_turning_24_in_18_days_and_i_dont_want_want_to/

Up until now, I have NEVER even attempted to get intimate with a girl despite liking many. 

I always had the mindest of wanting to let it happen naturally in my life and never seek for it. Especially online. 

But there’s a few problems.

I never actually end up making any move to the people I know irl because I fear ruining my relationship with them (as a friend or acquaintance). I’ve liked many of my female classmates throughout my life and recently even from my workplace. I never once even gave anyone the slightest clue I feel intimacy towards them. I am so good at hiding it. 

The other problem is that I still live with my family, and I don’t even have my own peace, freedom or privacy, let alone have that for a partner as well! I am also in the middle of an apprenticeship so my income currently isn’t sufficient to support being in a relationship.

One of my two friends in total (M), was actually dating my second friend in total (F). After they broke apart the Male friend kept finding dates and I was so mind blown that it’s even possible to do it like that on command. I still can’t understand how. I asked him: “dude how in the world does this even happen” and he replied to me with “I just ask a lot of people if they wanna date. Most will reject but some accept.” 
Also meanwhile the female friend also got into a diff relationship immediately.

As my time passes, I feel more and more pressured to do something about it. I can’t stop thinking about it for even a second. 
Being viewed as desperate is also another thing I fear, but it couldn’t be more fucking true. I’m sorry but I can’t catch a break. I want to out it somehow. I’ve been keeping it in me for so long. I can’t do it anymore. My life is otherwise so pointless without someone to love. 

I just want to understand what goes through a girls mind. If there even is any girl my age who is going through similar mental struggles about relationships and our time on this earth running out. I can’t believe not once in my 23 years have I even come across a broken soul who genuinely wants love and comfort from me. 

Also i fear that a girl I end up trusting my love to might manipulate me. They might only want to be with me to up their body count or use me in some way and then dump me like I’m nothing. 

I also can’t stop thinking about the moment where I will lose my virginity with the person I will love. I crave it so much. Sex in itself is absolutely nothing special if it’s with someone you’re not connected to. But omg I am dying for the moment to come where me and my love will merge our bodies. The two are so incomparable in so many levels. I refuse to have sex with someone I don’t love or even worse pay for it. but lol you have to be beyond a complete loser to pay for sex. The moment I realize it’s too late for love if I haven’t successfully found it, I am committing suicide as a virgin. I don’t want it one bit if it’s not with my love. 

I am so broken. I don’t even care if I embarrass myself to people with this. But I have to do something. I can’t continue keeping it to myself.  