Subreddit: depression
Title: My life, abridged
Author: Agitated-Leading9231
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hre0hh/my_life_abridged/

Another new year, and yet, I know deep down inside, this year won't be any better than the last. 

I'm 38, and I have yet to have a good year, or even a good month, in my entire life. Matter of fact, 2025 is starting off to show me that this year, things may turn worse than ever. 

I try to find the strength and the will every day to carry on, to mask my pain so that I can be strong for those around me, but it's becoming harder by the day for me to even do that. 

We can start from the beginning, abridged version of course, because to write everything would take me forever, and honestly, I don't think anyone would have the patience to read it.

My childhood was stolen from me. My father's first attempt on my life that I remember (because of the traumatic acts that happened) was when I was 3. He locked my mother and I in a trailer and lit it on fire. We got out, my mom got me in her car,  front passenger seat and we started to back out as a steel tool chest snagged the window over my face from my father throwing it. That was the first real memory of my father. 

After my mom went back to him a few months later, things didn't get any better. For the next 13 years, my father locked me in my room, I was not allowed to cross the bedroom threshold. I was given a ketchup bottle full of water everyday, and that was to last me until bed time. If I needed to go to the bathroom, I had to wait for my father to pass by my room and get his permission. I wasnt allowed toys, or to talk to my mother, talk to myself, make "sound effects". I was allowed books, paper and pencils. 

My father, who claimed disability by the time I was 6, spent his days trying to catch me breaking one of these rules. He would sneak down the hall, stand there and wait for extended periods. If he couldn't catch me doing something, he would come up with a reason to punish me. My punishments were typically severe beatings with foreign objects that would leave bruising, blood blisters, and in some cases, lacerations. I would be kept from school until I healed. 

When I wasn't in my room, my father would have me on our property in the middle of nowhere cutting fields on my hands and knees with scissors, pulling star thistle bare handed. He would make piles of rocks taller than me with his tractor, then give me 2 5 gallon buckets and then I would fill them to the top, because if I didn't, I was beaten. Them I would carry both buckets at the same time about an acre, make a new pile. I would move then from one side of the property to the other, all day, every day, weather did not matter, from dawn till dark. 

Other times, my punishment was to stand in the corner from about 8 am to 6pm, break was given at lunch and dinner. Or writing,  literally, 1 million times a phrase that he felt I needed. 

I got in a fight at school when I was about 8. It was right after Christmas. I begged the teacher not to send a letter home. I didn't want my dad to take my presents away and hit me. Needless to say, they still sent the letter. 

Not long after that, at 9 years old, I decided to run away from home. I lived in the middle of nowhere and figured I'd live like the Indians did. I made it a few miles, chasing a few deer and squirrels along the way thinking I could get them to eat, and then the police found me. They took me back to my parents. I was beaten senseless and stood in the corner for 10 hours a day. 

About this time a worker from child protective services showed up unannounced. My father rushed me to my room, kicked my foot prints out of the push carpet and an investigation was launched. 

My mother and father denied all wrong songs, saying I was a liar and a troubled child.

I was put on 3 years of probation, made to pick up cans along the roadways to pay a fine, I was put in scared straight where they locked me in the county jail and allowed inmates to yell and scream at me, threaten me etc.

Meal time, I was fed separate from my family, I sat at a bar with my back to the dinner table. My dad would feed his cat at food next to me. The cats fall would be in my plate, in my face, but I couldn't tell her no, I couldn't move her, or her overwhelming smelling at food, and I could ask anyone to move her for me. 

Bed time was at 5:30 pm.

I wasn't allowed to see my extended family such as aunts, grandparents etc. If they came over, which was really rare, I stayed in my room with strict instructions to not speak. If someone was to speak to me, I was to answer, but carefully, and not engage in extended conversation. If i displeased him with my interaction, he would give me a look and I knew when they left, what was in store for me. 

My mother left my father many times during my childhood, but each time went back just a few weeks or months later. One of the times when she left him, I picked up kickboxing unbeknownst to my father. 

When I was 13,she left him again. This time she stayed gone for over a year. During this time, I wanted to find a job in the small town I lived in. I wanted to save up for a car when I was 16. I was now just barely 14. I got on my bike and ride around town, hanging fliers and asking around. As I rode along the side of highway 99, a red pickup hit me in my chest, then drove halfway up my legs, threw it in reverse and backed over me. 

I stayed conscious the whole time, unsure of if I was gonna survive. Everything was broken in my left side except a few ribs, my back or my neck. My left foot had all the flesh and muscle torn off, 368 stitches, inside and out and the possibility of a skin graft to put it together. My right arm was snapped in half,  multiple broken bones on the right side, but not as bad as my left. I was bedridden for nearly 6 months, in a wheelchair for a year. I was told I would never play a ssport again, run again or even walk without a sever limp. But I proved them all wrong. 

Shortly after I was walking again, I got caught by my mother with a playboy magazine in my room. She wasn't happy. She called my father who lived a few miles away. The next morning while I slept, my mother had my father come over. He burst in my room, drug me out of bed, the me down, which really hurt from the injuries I was still recovering from. He then proceeded to throw me out of my mother's house telling me to never be seen again. I was just over 15. I or some clothes in my back pack, hugged my cat good bye and started walking down the dirt road. 

I didn't know where to go or what to do. I went to the elementary school, they were closed for some sort of break, and i sat on the tables outside, wondering. Then I saw a big red plastic turtle shaped sandbox, it's shell was the lid. It was getting late, dark would be here shortly, so I went to the sandbox, opened the lid, curled up in the sand, pulled the lid over me and fell asleep for the night. 

The next morning, I heard voices outside my sand box. They sounded familiar, like one of my friends and his sister. They were playing. I came out to go play with them. They were surprised, needless to say, to see me come out of nowhere. They asked, and I told them I was staying there, I had no home. They played for a while and then they left. 

Not long after that I saw them coming back, but they had an adult with them who I assumed was their mom. I ran to my box, closed the lid and hid. She came over and tried to convince me to come out. But I was afraid I was gonna be in trouble, so I stayed quite and didn't come out, she didn't open the lid, but instead left. A few more minutes later I heard a vehicle, some footsteps and then a man's voice telling me to get out of the title and come with him. I complied it off fear that my father had insulted in me. 

It was my friends dad. His mom had went and got him. They took me to their home which was 2 doors down from my mother's. I was terrified my father would see me nearby and punish me. But the man that took me in held a black belt, and assured me i was safe, and that they would take care of me.

About a year passed, I was 16 now, my mother had moved and went back to my father in the time I was gone. She also left him again. She got an apartment one town down. It wasn't long until she called me multiple times begging me to come home. I finally did, on the condition that she don't go back to him. 

I continued my training in kickboxing, wrestled on the highschool wrestling team, I played football my sophomore and junior year, I got into weightlifting. Things were going great. Then she went back, again. 

This time, as I was isolated in my room eating my meal on my floor, my dad came in, yelling at me, he swung his fork near my face, I bobbed my head out of the way. He said "oh, you think your a tough guy now because you know Kung fu huh?"

I said "No, I don't think I am. I know I am. ". His eyes turned to stone and I knew what was coming. I stood up,  now over an inch taller than my father. He tried to hit me,I blocked it, gave him a quick jab and a hard back round to the leg. The fight was done.

He went to his room, grabbed his pistol and came back. He told me I had an hour to get out of his house. 

I called my friend, who I had met at my dojo. He was around 25 at the time. He was part of the 101st airborne and part of the initial invasion force into Iraq. He was an amateur MMA fighter, who shortly, would go pro under Ken Shamrock. He showed up to get me 10 minutes later, which was impressive, since he lived 25 minutes away, minimum. His radio was loud, which I knew would anger my dad. I got in his car and he proceeded to spin donuts in my dad's yard, which was one of his pride and joys. I told my friend "dude, my dad's gonna be pissed.". My friend laughed and said "so what? What's he gonna do about it?". And we were off. 

I stayed the night with my friend. He didn't have any food, a small apartment in a rough neighborhood.  He struggled to make ends meet. We at raw potatoes with Sriracha for most meals when I was around. It wasn't long and I felt like I was a burden. I made up a story and left.

I found a bridge along the river. It had some spots I could stay dry and protected from the wind, so that's where I stayed at night. 

I dropped out of high-school. I barely went to the dojo. I was dating my senseis daughter, and she noticed my absence in school and class. She brought it up to my sensei, who investigated and eventually discovered I was an homeless kid. 

He took me in, gave me care, treated me well, and that's where I stayed until I turned 18.

At 18 I got my first apartment. I met an older woman who was 30. We started hanging out together and became an item. Prior to my departure to the army, I found out she was pregnant. I was so happy to be a father, I saw it as a chance to break the cycle of bad father's. I wanted to be a good one. 

I headed off to boot camp, and about halfway thru, I got a letter from the woman who was carrying my child. She said she had a miscarriage. The baby was so sick, it's skin was transparent. It has blue eyes and blonde hair. 

I grieved the loss of my child thru bootcamp, AIT and airborne school. I got letters from my mother telling me that lady had taken my vehicle and went to Arizona. She was still married. That she had been taking all my money. 

I flew home for leave, and called her, gave her 48 hours to return my vehicle or I report it stolen. A few days later it was left in the parking lot. My vehicle was brand new when I left. But know it looked like a bullet hole in the front bumper, a dented fender, looked like something blew up on the interior of my cars roof.

A few days later I went to burger King, as I went to open the door, the woman walks past me, carrying a new baby girl swaddled in a blanket. My world froze and she kept walking. I sat down inside, not even hungry anymore. I tried to reach out to the district attorneys for help. No one would help me. I lost the child again. 

Fast forward a year, whole on leave I met a girl in my hometown. We became an item, and eventually when I head back, I hear she's pregnant. So I start planning on moving her to base.

She did not want to. And she did not like me being in the military. She told me "you either come back now, or in taking your child and you will NEVER see him again.

This destroyed me. So I made the worst decision I ever made and went AWOL to be back home with her and to see my child into the world.

When the day came for my son to be born, I sat in the hospital room with her waiting. There was a knock,  we expected a doctor, but instead 2 police officers and a social worker came in. They took me into the hall, handcuffed me amd took me to the county jail while my son was being born. I sat in there for 3 weeks.

One morning I got word that I was to be released with orders to fly back to my unit the next morning. They let me go, and I saw my son for the first time.

The next morning came, and I couldn't leave my child. I stayed. I became a fugitive, constantly being hunted.

My mother would tell others about my situation amd it wasn't long before people were leveraging it for their own gains. I would be bullied by other residents and if I defended myself, they would report me. My grandmother found out I got a 250 dollar bonus from my job for Christmas. She called me and said I had 1 hour to give her the 250 or else she would turn me in. So I gave her my money.

For 7 years I hid, working under the table jobs, being black mailed. I starved, I went from 190 pounds to 130 pounds. 

I missed the birth of both my children, got arrested 3 times for being AWOL and still always came back to take care of my family, since my now wife did not work ever.

My mother at one point allowed my wife and kids to stay with her, but I was not allowed to because she had told her apartment manager about what I was going thru, so yet again, I was homeless in a tent.

Finally after 7 years, I found out someone was tracking me again. I knew I had about 24 hours. But I was done. I sat there and waited. When they came, I offered no resistance, I just went. I allowed myself to be transported from the west coast to Fort Riley, despite many chances to escape again. They put me in Fort Leavenworth for 2 months and let me go with an other than honorable discharge. While sitting in headquarters I learned that the way they located me was my grandmother had called and turned me in asking for a reward.

But now I was free.

I came home, and was immediately back in the abuse.

See, since the beginning of our relationship, my wife had been mentally and physically abusive to me, "what are you gonna do about it? YOUR AWOL! I'll just have you arrested!" Was her favorite line.

She would tell me daily how ugly I was, how worthless I was, how I could do no better than her and that she settled for me. I wasnt allowed to shave, brush my teeth or shower without her permission or else I was a cheater. Several times she would come down the hall screaming at me out of the blue and dig her fingernails into my flesh and tear it. But I couldn't do anything about it. I couldn't get help from the police, for 7 years they would of just taken me, even if they didn't take me when I was clear, where I came from, they would laugh me off and not do anything.

This continued for 11 years, her constant abuse, me being the sole provider. And then one day she decided she wanted a job.

She got a job at home for special needs people. 2 weeks in, she came home one night wearing a sweater I'd never seen and smelling like a man's cologne. I asked and she said it was her lesbian friends.

I got suspicious and dug around and found out she had some guy that used to be our neighbor who was married and had a handicapped child come from one state over and fuck her.

But that wasn't all. She had had 3 other affairs in that time, one with her own cousin.

We fought for days, me telling her to leave my home, but she wouldn't.

One evening she grabbed my .45 and walks up to me and asks "is it loaded?". I said yes. She points it at me and says "all I have to do is pull the trigger. When they come, I'll just tell them you were hitting me and I did this in self defense."

Eventually she put my gun down. After a few more hours I drip to my knees crying, I wrap my arms around her waist and beg her to stop. She pushed me off and walked out the front door in the dark.

I walked on my back porch, collapsed crying and passed out drunk. I don't know how much time passed, but soon, my phone rings, but I don't even look at it. Over and over my phone rings for quite a while, finally I look thru my tears and the dizziness from a 24 pack of beer. The number seemed familiar, but couldn't place it. At that moment my kids who were really young come running out "dad, there's a bunch of cops with spotlights out front telling you to come out.".

I stagger to my door and am hit with so many lights and an officer on a megaphone "turn around, put your hands in the air and walk backward to the sound of my voice.". I have no idea what's going on,  and as I comply it's really hard to walk forwards so drunk, I was afraid I was gonna fall off my steps and someone would get jumpy and I would get all these cops unloading their guns into me and possibly hitting a child.

When I hit my circular drive I'm told to drop to my knees and place my hands on top of my head. I was cuffed and put into a squad car. I ask what I'm being arrested for, but all they would say is "what do you think?", my response was "because I'm drunk?" They said "now is that a crime to drink in your home?", to which I replied "no, so what am I being arrested for?". I was told to shut up and I'll find out when his partner gets back.

Shortly later another squad car shows up, my wife gets out with a cop and they walk into my house.

I told the cop that was standing over me she was not to be in there, she is kicked out for what he did, he told me that's not my choice.

As the officers come out, I notice they have 1 of my revolvers and 2 rifles. (I had many more) my wife had given those to them because they were my favorites but didn't give them any others because she hoped to keep them.

As I'm being transported to the hospital to be cleared for jail, I'm finally told what I'm being arrested for. Assault and kidnapping. My heart stopped, I said no, I didn't do any of that! I'm then informed that it carry a mandatory 25 year sentence if convicted.

As we sit in the hospital, I'm a wreck, my heart was just ripped out, my family destroyed and now I'm facing serious charges and a 25 year sentence for something I didn't even remotely do.

I ask the officer if I could prove I'm telling the truth, if he would drop the charges. He says yes.

I pause knowing I've got one shot, if I can't prove it in my first attempt, that's it, I'm done. I say "you have my phone, right?" He says yes.

I say, go thru it, you will find everything there, she is lying she cheated, she did all these things. I just hugged her on my knees and asked her to stop. The cop gets my phone from his squad car leaving hospital security to watch me. He comes back in and confirms that I'm giving permission for him to go thru my phone,  I confirm and he starts.

Pretty soon "did you call her this? How about this?" To which I say "yes, I absolutely did." His response was "I can't blame you. ". He then says ok, I'm gonna go make some calls and look into some facts. A while later he returns. He tells me my story matched 100 percent to my wife's sisters story and everything he could find.

He told me all charges were being dropped, but, because of the volatile situation and the fact I was so drunk, he didn't feel it was smart to let me go home that night, that I was going to be booked for the night in the jail and he would release me first thing in the morning.

I went back home and for nearly a month I was forced to live with her, she would not leave. Her family who lived nearby wouldn't get her. So finally I ask my mother to give her a place to stay. Just 3 months, a chance to get a job, some money and a place of her own, if she don't, then kick her out at that point.

For nearly 8 months she stayed with my mother who lived 20 minutes away. During that time, my mother dropped by 1 time to check on me, called 2 times. I sat with my pistol in my mouth trying to find the courage to pull the trigger, but couldn't.

During this time I had 2 of my 3 kids with me.my youngest was about 2 at the time, and my ex wife had taken him. One night around 3 am, I got a call from my mother, they were bringing my youngest to me, my ex was having sex next to him, drinking constantly and stealing prescriptions.

It wasn't too long before I got the truth, my disabled mother had been selling her pills, my mother was allowing these men into her home, and even serving them dinner. My mother had even, prior to this separation, had been taking her to male strip clubs.

So now I had 3 kids, no help, no money for daycare. The older 2 went to school, but the youngest didn't. So now I had to take him to a construction site with me daily. And it's hard being a dad changing diapers and keeping a child safe while building houses.

Jumping ahead about a year or so, iet a great woman. I loved her to death. Deeper than I've loved anyone to this day. But this girl was friends with all sorts, she herself was bi sexual, had been in straight relationships, lesbian relationships and was even the third in another. She went to Germany within our format month for 2 weeks, and came back with chlamydia.

For some reason, she was always afraid that her child's father and I would talk and he would tell me something about her.

I turned a blind eye, but 4 years later, after being engaged to her for a year and our wedding 3 months away, I found out she had been having sex with some woman she worked with.

I broke it off. But, she lingered, I found out what it was she was concerned i would find out, she had HPV and had not disclosed this. I wound up getting warts that I had to have removed and still battle with occasionally to this day.

Well, about this time, the pandemic hit, I was laid off within the first month. I owned the house my parents had started buying in the mid 90s. Mortage was 700 for my 2 acres with a creek, 3 bedrooms and 2 baths. The new note holder asked where his money was and when I told him I'm laid off due to the lock down,  he told me that was unacceptable. I told him there were protections against this during the pandemic. 2 weeks later, I had court papers hung on my property letting me know we were going into foreclosure. 

During this period I met another woman. She and I started dating and she found out about my situation. She lived about 50 miles away and offered me and my children to live with her and rebuild our life together.

Now this one gave me lots of red flags, real quick with pet names, talking about marriage within the first month or so of our relationship, but due to my circumstances, I was limited on where to go to keep my kids together and safe. So we began the move. It was December, I was a houndsman with a pack of 4 hounds, I had 2 goats, 3 ducks and 20 chickens. While moving this distance, I would show back up to my property early in the morning and in the evening to tend my animals.

One day I show back up, and my kennels are open, my dogs are gone, my goats are gone and there's a note from the sheriff that they had seized my animals for abandonment. I contacted them and set up a meeting with the undersheriff. He and the animal control officer sat in the room, and the sheriff told me before starting the recording that him and this guy wore the same uniform and that he will side with him no matter what.

The animal control officer got a noise complaint about my guns, when they showed up and couldn't get in contact with me, they looked thru my windows and saw that the house was nearly empty, so he seized my animals, despite each dog having tags with 3 phone numbers to contact me. 

I proved they my security cameras that I did not abandon, that I was there 2 times per day to care for them.

The sheriff says he will give my dogs back, but it's 100 bucks per animal I need to pay the shelter.

That was 600 bucks to get my 4 dogs and 2 goats back, even though I was innocent, just weeks before Christmas. I could only afford my dogs, so they kept my goats and sold them to butcher.

So now we are in the new home with this woman, and I notice she has books about how to keep a man, how to make a man love you, she would talk manipulation tactics with my daughter. One day I came home early, and caught her screaming in the room at my daughter about me. I stood there and waited. She came down the hall and her expression changed "oh hey baby". We argued a bit and that was it.

It wasn't long after that I found out my 13 year old daughter had been talking to adult men online, getting inappropriate pictures, ditching school, smoking,drinking and lying about her whereabouts.

I took her computer away, grounded her and made her do push-ups for lying to me for about 5 minutes. I thought I handled it right.

About the time omnicron varient came out, I caught covid. I was laying in bed on a Sunday, feeling dead,when there's a knock and there's sheriff's at the door. I put on my mask and go to speak to them. They start asking about my 13 year old daughter and if they can speak to her. That they had gotten a concerning report.

So I get my daughter and I go back in. About 5 minutes later they tell me they are taking her to the hospital for evaluation because she made specific suicidal threats. They told me I should hear from the hospital soon.

Over 2 hours passed and no call, so I began calling. I would get hung up on, put on hold for an hour and just generally stonewalled for nearly 2 weeks. Now I have sole custody, legal and physical of all 3 kids. I told the hospital this and asked why they were withholding my daughter and information from me, why I couldn't see my daughter. They told me she was in protective custody and getting sent to an institution and hung up on me.

Pretty soon social workers show up. They tell me that grounding my child for 2 weeks to the house and property, taking away her computer and internet access and making her do push-ups is child abuse. 

I call my mother, because I found a letter in my daughters things from her where she had made plans to come get her one night while I was in ju jitsu and help her run away 200 miles to her new home. I ask my mother why she would do this to me amd my family. And in a cold unrecognizable tone, she said, "because I'm angry with you for not letting me be around them."

I won the court case, but now my daughter was back. She continued stealing, I was forced by social services to allow her to what she wanted when she wanted, like go to the teen center whenever she wanted for however long she wanted and I could not supervise, if I did not, it would be abuse and neglect because she said she suicidal. She would go there and 18 year old boys would have sex with her in cars, I found this out years later from her brother.

She kept telling my boys "dad better get in line or I'll have him put in line" "if I don't get to go stay with my mom, I will make it my mission to destroy dad's life." Social services showed up 3 more times to investigate new allegations that she and my mother would make.

In this time I also found out my current girlfriend of the time I had been enabling this, putting her in touch with grandma and her mother, encouraging her to do these things. I figured it was so I would be hurt and she could come in amd play super hero and win me over.

I later found out I was correct, she had described a manipulation technique that she read about called "the white knight" to my daughter and son, and she attempted to employ it on me.

So when I found this out, she wanted me out of the house immediately, I agreed to move ASAP, but she said no, not good enough, if I have to get an emergency order to get you out tomorrow, I will.

So the next night, when I come home from work, she starts screaming at me. She starts yelling about me having HPV, (I told her this before we did anything so she would be aware, make her decision amd we could work to be safe) in front of my children, which was wrong and gross. I asked her to stop, she didn't. My kids were now standing there watching her yell this and I attempted to cover her mouth, but before I even reached out she screamed bloody murder and tore the skin from my face nearly putting out my eye.

I just walked off, went to bed and said forget it. The next day she was gone. She didn't come back. But the cops did. I told them what happened. They said they came with every intention of arresting me, but after hearing my story and confirming it with the kids, they decided not to. They told me I had 24 hours to leave, if I did not, they would arrest me under some form of a felony.

So I packed what I could in the SUV, loaded up my kids and we slept in a parking lot for nearly a week. I left my hounds, but kept coming back in the night to feed and care for them.

I stayed with my boss at the time, he was an old guy. But he let me and the kids stay there. I was there about a month, but wasn't having luck getting into any form of housing. Where I came from, to even get a crappy apartment, you needed a 650 credit score.

I had around a 515 from robbing Peter to pay paul most my life trying to make ends meet. I couldn't continue imposing on this guy, and it was tough being in a tiny room with all my kids. So I started looking for a roommate situation where we could have normality and more space.

Some older woman was renting out a few rooms on her 20 acre property. I reached out amd met her, she agreed to allow us to live there and my hounds were welcome. So we went there.

Not even 2 weeks in, I notice my tools start disappearing, items in my room would be moved or gone. She was legitimate crazy. She would talk about waiting for me to come home and hitting me in the back of the head with a baseball bat to my kids. One day while I was at work, her and her daughter call me, they tell me to come bury my dog, they shot her because she wouldn't shut up. But then in the same breath, they threaten to shoot me as well when I come out.

Of course the police weren't interested in helping me. So I collected what I could of my belongings, grabbed my kids and left, I couldn't get an apartment with my animals, and by taking them, I chose them over my kids and was dooming them to be in this situation forever. I lost the rest of what i loved that day.

I found an old woman that managed some apartments, she liked me, and decided that even though my credit wasn't what she wanted, she would give me a home. We moved into our first home in a little over a year after becoming homeless.

Things went well, I started dating someone I had known for a year, I had a great job at a mill. But I needed hand surgery for an injury that I had had for nearly 4 years. When I was undergoing the operation, my oldest son decided without telling me, that he wanted to see if his mom had changed. He was 15. He reached out to her, told her where we lived and met up with her, after she had abandoned them all.

I allowed him to as he pleased with her, so long as he didn't leave town amd she didn't have my exact address. Their relationship went for nearly 8 months when I was served papers. Now she wanted in the baby's life, who was now 7 and didn't even know her.

 About this time though I had started the process of buying a home across the country. I wanted a new start and new life. I had worked hard to get my credit score to 690 and was ready.

So off I went. I thought it was gonna be great, I mean gas where I came from was 6 bucks a gallon, now I'm paying 2.38. I took a big pay cut, I went from 40 bucks an hour to 20 bucks here doing construction. But I was alright. Then I thought it was gonna get better. My new boss wanted to retire, he offered me his 20 year old company, I just needed 30k down. I started being taught to do estimates for him. I did 12. But was understood by illegal immigrants on everyone of them. In the meantime, work the company did have, he sub contracted out, went on vacation amd laid me off for a month just doing estimates.

Mortage fell behind, bills fell behind. I asked my girlfriend to help me for a few months, she wasn't too happy. She paid 1 month, and didn't after that.

Now I sit here dealing with the depression, the suicidal thoughts. My relationship is falling apart.

This is the abridged version of my life. I left out tons of stories, information amd other things.

I've never talked about this stuff to anyone, I carry it silently always hopeful. But I'm scared now. I've battled depression a long time, baddepression, but never this bad. In a few days it's been 2 months of feeling this.

I have no family or friends, and I don't want a therapist.

I guess this was my attempt to talk, and make myself feel a little more ok.

If you've read this far thank you for hearing me.

But please, if you feel compelled to comment or message me, don't attack me. I'm not proud of what I did leaving the army. I'm not proud to have an STI. It's all dishonorable and disgusting, I know. But it's part of my story, amd for once, I wanted to tell even those parts.


