Subreddit: depression
Title: Who am I? 
Author: twisted-user459
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hsz9vg/who_am_i/

I wake up, first thing I do is look outside. No matter what the weather is outside, I'll pretty much feel the same. Basically just nothing, kinda miserable. 
How dare the sun even shine? I simply can't find anything positive. I suppose I would say I prefer miserable weather, it just feels more honest and true rather than that fake, happy sunshine. I can be miserable in peace without feeling the pressure to be happy because hey, it's just so sunny outside! 

I'm pretty strict when it comes to my eating habits, if I stick to my rules I feel kinda better. But let's be honest, most days I don't stick to it. I mostly skip breakfast and enjoy that hunger pain, it makes me feel alive and I should loose weight anyway so I deserve it. But ironically I'll start eating a bunch of sweets till I feel like throwing up, but eating those damn sweets just give such a rush, always feel like the worst and fattest person alive after going on a binge. After every binge I'll swear next time I'll be better. But, truth be told, at least I felt something. 

Other than that, I don't do much. I wake up, sometimes eat, binge eat, doom scroll, workout till I'm in immense pain, binge eat, check my body in the mirror, fall into self hatred, walk up and down daydreaming for hours about a different life and  if I'm lucky I might even summon up the energy to watch something. At the end of the day I'm just happy to go back to bed. Damn how I hate having days off. Spending time with myself is more work than my job, and I hate my job. 

I used to smoke cigarettes not to long ago, that was kind of my highlight of the day. It was something I looked forward to, as stupid as it sounds. It also stopped me from binge eating sweets and other crap. It made me feel at peace, like having a break from life itself. Whoever said that once you stop smoking you'll feel so much better fucking lied.

I've never truly, fully felt anything. Anything positive that is. Ever since I can remember I've never been really excited for anything. I used to act excited or happy a lot so I don't seem weird. I just kind of copied other people I guess. The only thing I've ever really truly felt down to my bone was hate, betrayal, anger and jealousy. It was so painful, yet it was the only time I felt alive. Perhaps that's why I just love to self sabotage and love it when I actually get treated like crap. Because otherwise I'm just an empty vessel. 

Another thing that actually got me all giddy and excited was when a family member would gossip about another family member, I just loved it. Or when bad things would happen to me or if my parents would fight. It made me feel alive. I wanted things to end up as bad as they could. I wanted to suffer since a little child.  

I suppose I do have things I love, 4 beautiful cats. But, sometimes I wonder if I'm even capable of loving or is love even real? I have one elderly cat, I've had her for 16 years, then the other three are all about 2 years old. My old lady cat is fiercly loyal, no matter what I do she loves me. The other three on the other hand really hold a grudge if I leave them even just for a night. Ironically, i tend to run after the cats that ignore me rather than appreciating the fact that I have my eldest that loves me to bits. Don't get me wrong, I do still shower my eldest with love and actually spend most of the time with her, I just feel like an ungrateful b*tch a lot of times. Why the fuck do I even get abandonment issues from cats anyway? 

Then, I have a boyfriend. I do love him, or so I think. Like I said before, I don't really think I know how to love. Before I got into a relationship with him he was absolutely perfect. No flaws. But, as soon as I got in a relationship with him I saw every. single. Detail. Every fault, every flaw, feels like a reason to fucking run. I question my love to him every second day. When I look at him and say I love you i feel like I'm just once again manipulating someone into loving me so I don't feel lonely. I don't really feel love the way I think I'm supposed to. I don't know if I ever actually have truly loved. So many times I look at him and just feel emptiness. Sometimes, well actually most of the time I feel like I'm holding him back from being with someone who knows who loves him rather than with someone who doesn't even fucking know what it is. But, as the selfish person I am I shall keep him by my side. Or, perhaps I'm just convincing myself that I'm manipulating him, who knows? Not me definitely. 

I've also never truly had any friends. Don't blame them, I'm a toxic bitch. Every friendship I've had I have been manipulative, controlling and jealous. I could also never have more than one friend. As soon as I would find a better person to hang out with I'd simply toss my "best friend" away without thinking twice and hang out with my new "best friend". Most of the time I'd return to my original best friend and turn the blame so that the person I replaced them with looked like a really bad person and forced me into being their friend. A lot of times id also use the white Knight tactic on my own damn best friend. Well, whoever was my best friend at the time. But I've discarded them all by now. They were all going to leave me anyway so I left first after severely manipulating them. 

I have worked on myself, I honestly thought I have gotten better. Turns out, I've just become so painfully self aware that I know what I'm doing, but I just can't get myself to stop. Before I was in a relationship, I thought I was ready to have a healthy relationship. Turns out it's been a real struggle for me. 
I've made one new friend. I thought I have worked through my issues, turns out I'm still doing the same ol' tactics just now the difference being that I am painfully aware of what I'm doing. It just seems like just don't really care enough to truly change. 

But I do want to. I guess, kind of. I just feel like I'm watching myself doing all these things. Like I'm programmed to do shit like that and I can't stop the program. 

I can't stop myself talking bad about people I "love"
 
I can't stop myself from treating myself like a garbage can.

I can't stop myself from using my skin as a place to practice cutting vegetables. 

I can't stop myself from disrespecting other people. 

I can't stop myself from manipulating and controlling absolutely everything. 

I can't stop myself from thinking about unsubscribing from life almost every day after every minor inconvenience ever since I'm 10 years old. 

On the other hand, in a twisted way, I don't want to get better. 

Because who am I underneath all of this? 

Not me. 