Subreddit: depression
Title: Feeling that I don't belong anywhere
Author: Careful-Iron-6484
Score: 6
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hrrwnt/feeling_that_i_dont_belong_anywhere/

I grew up in a single-parent black family of 3 children and I am the younger sibling. There is about 10y difference between me and my other siblings. Basically my mother had them in her 20s and had me later and with a different father that I've never got the chance to meet. At around 13, I started asking myself and my mother questions about him and it's right at that moment that he died of illness, so I never got to talk to him and I don't even know how he sounded or even if I was a desired child in the first place

There are many painful phases in my life about how I used to be left/locked alone at home, never had birthday celebrations, hardly made friends at school and how I was sexually abused when I was around 7 but never had the strength to talk about it. I used to have self-harming throughts but I managed to overcome them with distractions like video games.

I came out as gay in my early 20s when I became independent and ever since I've felt estranged in my own family. My elder brother does not talk to me anymore, there is always a look of sadness in my mother's eye. The only person who remained tolerent is my elder sister.

Fast forward, I am now 30y.o and both siblings have children of their own to take care of and I've always provided some financial help and brought or sent gift to my nephews.

It's been over 2 years that I was promoted to a chief-officer role in my company and yet I've never felt so empty. I don't know what is wrong with me. I've never been in a relationship and I am always ghosted by men though I always try to give a lot of positive energy during dates. I am unwillingly single, emotionally and sexually frustrated. All classmates I used to know ignore me or are 'reply-only' and never initiate conversations. I feel terribly lonely and those self-harming thoughts are back and now more vivid that before. What stops me from surrendering is that I do want to start a family and give it all my love and everything that I never had

I don't even know why I took the time to write this and I don't even feel better