Subreddit: depression
Title: II'm tired of myself and might just end it all soon
Author: Weird-Chart6627
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hs6kor/iim_tired_of_myself_and_might_just_end_it_all_soon/

I'm(M18) tired of being so unattractive, im tired of being so skinny. I'm tired of the fact that i'm alrteady starting to lose my hair at 18 only. I'm tired of barely having any friends. I'm tired of nobody taking me seriously. I spend most of my days crying, and whenever I do go out I just spend my time wishing I was someone else, someone attractive, someone nice, like what I would see outside. I can't even post myself on the internet or interact with anything because i'm so fucking ugly. I hate myself. I went out with my sister a few days ago and a couple of people stopped her to try and recruit her to do a photoshoot as a mini model or something for their brand. All I got standing beside her was dirty looks. Why do I even bother. I wish I was just attractive so I could at least live my life, so I could at least do something. I can barely get up for college these days, and I live abroad with some shitty family that always treats me like shit. I'm tired of everything. The final straw was getting a bad haircut and the barber cutting everything off and showing all my flaws, and somehow cause my hair to thin and recede further. I hate myself and this stupid body that I was given, and I wish I never existed. Out of all of my siblings I am also the ugliest one; and arguably the ugliest in my school in the past, ugliest in college, whatever it may be. I can't take this anymore and im seriously considering just ending it because ugly people just simply cannot live life. My dad walked out on us and treats us like shit over money, etc; and I happened to also inherit his ugly looks, so I am just miseranble in every way possible. I'm tired of people treating me differently just because of the way I look. 



I'm sorry for the messy paragraph I just wanted to express my thoughts.