Subreddit: depression
Title: (TW) If the gun laws in my country weren't that strict in my country, I wouldn't be here anymore. 
Author: unkn0wndood
Score: 3
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1htbiyh/tw_if_the_gun_laws_in_my_country_werent_that/

I've been dealing with depression for almost a third of my life. It started when I was 15, I'll be 22 this September and got worse as the years progressed. I waited 14 months to obtain a place for long term therapy. My ex-gf tried to unalive herself back when I was 15 and told me that she consumed a whole package of sleeping pills with alcohol. I felt so helpless, I cried, told her to put a finger in her throat for her to throw up and after what seemed like an eternity, she did. That event with my ex gave me a additional (undiagnosed) anxiety disorder. My family couldn't care less about my existence, besides my younger brother. I got bullied back in school. Moved places, switches jobs, hoping it would change something in my life, but I still feel the same emptiness as if nothing ever changed. When I jump over my shadow and decide to make plans with my friends, I often catch myself canceling these plans because my depression says so. Along with the mental issues I have, it transfers to my physical health f.e. via heavy breathing, nausea, you name it. I've been going to therapy for two years now and tbh I don't feel better yet, even though I know it's a long path. My gf and I have been together for a little over four years now, living together for two and a half years now and I know she had similar issues in the past. That made me hope that she would understand how I feel and that she'd be there for me - but it's the opposite. When I tell her about my suicidal thoughts, she doesn't think I'm being serious and all in all I just feel misunderstood.

As the title says, I'm being completely honest. I would want a quick ending without suffering, what certainly many people can relate to. The 'common' ways are no option for me cause I'm scared of them (which is techinally a good thing). If it'd be easier to obtain a gun in my country, I would have done it a long time ago. I had already planned the whole process with saying goodbye, the location, everything.