Subreddit: depression
Title: just a kid
Author: ooofyboiii
Score: 2
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hunb6e/just_a_kid/

I’m still 17 years old and i’m a good looking and decently smart kid. but i don’t feel like im ready for adulthood. i grew up poor and in the projects of cocoa florida, if you’ve been there you know it has a drug problem. sadly growing up i had to see my mom and close relatives change. we were dirt poor and the only reason im still alive is because of my friends parents. we moved to indiana where i got taken away by the state. i came to the house im at now. it started off good, they bought me clothes and shoes but then they started to change. hoing back to my mom, she has a boatload of mental health issues that didn’t get any better with the drugs she was addicted to. i’m certain i picked up a bunch of them but because im a man, im just obligated to ignore them right? back to where i am now, the man they put me with started to change, started to care less. now im begging for basic necessities and can’t get a job since he won’t pay for the uber until i get my first paycheck. i grew up crafty and skating by on my own but this is different. getting to the point though is that all these mental health issues just get worse and worse, i cant talk to
my dad because he just calls me soft. my brother says that it’s just gonna get worse and to just see it through but i cant. i’m sadly part of the 5% of the worlds population that actually gives a fuck about others mental health. but ig im soft for that right? am i just not supposed to have feelings. i wish i could tell you the rest of the stuff about my childhood but i dont like to think about it. i just wish i could go one day without thinking. is a teenager supposed to suffer this much, is it really just prepping me for adulthood. the thoughts and trauma get so bad sometimes i contemplate suicide, i can’t talk to anyone, im alone and just forced to suffer in silence. if this is really what life is gonna be like, is death really so bad? i just need some advice from anyone who was in my predicament. what did you do to suppress the pain. or am i just forever stuck being miserable until either something changes or yk. please help me