Subreddit: depression
Title: Messed up big time
Author: Internal-Newt-9821
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hs6ske/messed_up_big_time/

So hey guys 28M here and I am at a point in life where I’m just letting the time pass by, it feels like I’ve given up? I’m staying with my parents for the last 4 months and have been unemployed during this period. I also haven’t found a stable career or job where the opportunities are countless. I struggled with terrible anxiety and depression over the past few years and made some bad decisions because of it. 
I graduated back in 2019 with a Mechanical Engineering degree, but I didn’t like the field. The first job made me so anxious that I quit after 3 months. I tried a master’s degree in Industrial Engineering, during which my mental health deteriorated so badly that I had to stop. 
By that time I already wasted so much money and time, I feel I’m even below the point in 2019 in which I graduated my bachelor’s.
I was also convinced that I had Social Anxiety and worked very hard to overcome it, both with therapists and on my own. I believe my issues stem more from having low self esteem and being surrounded with people that do not fit me, rather than the social anxiety. I have worn many masks over the years and have acted ridiculously, from being very confident to being the clown of the group the one second to being completely mute the other day. Looking back makes me cringe so badly. Trying to conquer my ‘social anxiety’ I would throw myself in at the ‘deep’. These made the fall back even more severe. I have so many regrets not just taking an office job after graduation and gradually overcome these fears at work instead of spending all my money and try become a complete person before starting my career. I feel so behind in life, also never had a relationship, do not own a car and feel very scared starting a job and afraid employers won’t hire me because of the messed up resume. Starting therapy soon, I hope that can give me some perspective.

Has anyone been in the same situation? Any advice on how I can get through the regret and shame? Also feel like I lost cognitive and social skills and energy levels are at the lowest they have ever been. Thank you for reading this long rant. 