Subreddit: depression
Title: New Year's Wish (Long Story Disclaimer)
Author: Shot-Night-8603
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hrbkh1/new_years_wish_long_story_disclaimer/

What do you think, feel and express when you see the Fireworks shooting up to the sky and explode when the Countdown reaches "1" and everyone shouts "Happy New Year"?. I for sure know and it's a very common expression that most people will show is that they are happy and excited for what 2025 will be like.. But.. I on the other hand.. I look up at the Sky filled with Fireworks at awe but it hit me as everyone shouts "Happy New Year".. "Another Year to Survive in the Hell I'm in huh.." I thought as multiple and dozens of different kinds of fireworks shot up to the sky.



It felt Magical, Mystical and yet there is this one feeling I get as the Year turns from 2024 to 2025. I felt Pain. I recalled the Pain I had from when I was a child.. It was the first time I felt.. Pain. It made me Angry, Sad and Resentful at those who made me Angry and Sad..



My story goes from a long story, I never fitted in with my peers since I was 8 figuring out I'm of a different breed or so. No one understood me with my unique tastes, topics, interests and ideas.. They shunned me from Group Activities and even talked behind my back.. Thus I shut myself from the world and decided to live in my own world where there is comfort. Basically shutting myself, becoming Introverted and mostly staying at home with the intention to not make any friends offline.. I was what you call a 'Shut-In' or a 'Otaku'. I love Anime so much because it brought me joy and happiness that real people can never give to me because all they did was judge, harm me mentally and verbally..



I could say I was pretty much an 'Otaku' for so long up until I was 16. As I graduated from my Secondary School, I wanted to change. I looked at the mirror for the very first time in my life and saw how a piece of sh!t I was.. Like I hated myself. Then the New Year came by, I went to a College farther away from the Secondary School I was in. I spent so much time in the internet that I don't even know how to communicate with people. Thus I pretty much created a 'Extroverted Personality' which I observed from the Internet watching YouTube and Anime. It worked. Though I came out a bit pushy and weird but people found me approachable.



17 Years old, I started to go Gym because I felt like I was a loser. Literally a piece of sh!t. Didn't I say that already? Yeah, I am such a piece of sh!t.. I lifted weights, it felt okay but as I keep lifting weights, going to the gym everyday, every week, every month until 3 years later, I turned 19.. Jan 1 2024, I had the body and looks. My Personality improved.. But that's my facade Personality I created for whenever I'm outside socializing. My Nature is to be Introverted. I hate People. But I love them as I continue to interact with more people in the Gym.



But one day, I got extremely sick to the point I have to go to the Hospital. In the Hospital, my Eldest Sister and my Parents nagging at me that I gym too much. I reflected of why I gym in the first place. To get a fit body? That's what I thought when I started going to the gym. But no.. It all began at the very start before I entered College at the age of 16. I was in Pain from myself. I see myself harming my mind every single day feeding me with negative thoughts. Through the Gym, the more I pump the iron, the more pain I felt through lifting weights than feeling the pain in my mind. I was directing my pain into lifting weights because I'm relieving the stress, pain and depression that has been in me for years.. I sighed and talked to myself "So these 3 years as a Gymrat is just me being in my own World again.. I never really stepped out of my bubble.. I was most probably just fitting my bubble into the World"..



So I quit. I quit the Gym. Then I felt a rush of freedom the more I realize about myself. I had so much free time that I started to realize that I was such a ignorant conceited hateful idiot that has been harming myself all this time. So I gave in into what "I" want to do. I tried to do Cosplay. Obviously failed but I never gave up on it. After practicing my make-up skills and styling the wig, I got better at it. I felt ecstatic that I gained a skill. Felt like one of the Video Games I played where I grind and level up my Character till I gained a Unique Skill.



Now for clarification, I'm a Male. Born a Male.



Now again, I stopped practicing my Cosplay Skills because.. I became Lazy. Well not Lazy, it's Procrastinating. I have this coping mechanism where the moment I try to do more and try to succeed, I hesitate and back off so I procrastinate.. Well I've been doing that up until.. October 2024? I think.. That's when it was my School Holiday Month where I have nothing to do basically.. So what I did is buy a couple of Long Hair Wigs online and try them on. Put some make-up and.. VIOLA! Most of the wigs were the wrong size so.. It goes like "Hmm.. Nope.. Next.. Nope.. Next.. Nope.. Next.. Oooo!" I found the right wig.



I was never a LGBT person. Never part of any affiliation of the LGBT Community. I was the straightest guy or so I thought until I wore make-up, dressed up and put on the Long Hair Wig. "Damn, I'm breedable" that's what I thought.



Now before I even crossdressed, I know of Femboys and Crossdressers during my 13-16 years old phase. I thought that they look better than the real girls I see in my Country. So it hit me that actually, I was never Straight at all.. But no, I'm a Christian so I have to be Straight.. Oh no, I was so wrong. During the whole entire October, I continue to Crossdress whenever my family is sleeping. I was so obsessed with myself being cute. But yet again it is short-lived.. I stopped Crossdressing because of obviously no PRIVACY in my big family tree.. Well for some reason, the whole entire October, my family is always out of the house from morning to evening so I had all the time to crossdress.



So yeah.. The more I crossdress, I dubbed myself as a Femboy. I took a liking to the title because for the first time I ever, I found something that makes me genuinely happy. The gym made me happy but it was temporary to relieve the pain in me. But Crossdressing? It extinguished the pain, making my whole entire well-being all reborn and refreshed off the pain. "Ahhh I love being a Femboy" I thought with the most happy expression you can ever imagine on a person. I'm a very deep thinker so it naturally occured to me that the reason why I always avoided TikTok and Instagram is because there are Girls who are so happy with themselves dancing and enjoying life wearing cute clothes and lovely make-up where I realized.. I was jealous of the girls.. I want to do all of those.. but Society unfolds as unforgiving and cruel so I kept myself restrained bottling up my desires.. I know that if I came out and confessed, the entire Image of myself from others will shatter like a Mirror shattering from the mere glance of myself.. It's just like the whole entire world around me will crumble down till there is nothing left..



This is what Gays, Lesbians and whatever Gender the LGBT Community made up felt like when they can't come out as themselves..



So.. I had it held up for 3 months now? As the Months goes by, my hair, face and body reshaped. My upper body is still wide due to my Gymrat days but it is shortening due to my diet and how I stopped going to the gym. My face is becoming more androgynous is due to my facial care that I have been doing for 10 months now. Every morning and night. Legs became much smoother due to daily skincare via Shaving, Epilating, Moisturizing. My hair becoming longer and decided to go to a Salon and do a Wolf Haircut Perm.



For the past 3 months before 2025, my Eldest Sister and my Mom noticed that I had become more "Pretty" in the Family selfies and photos we took. They kept calling me "Pretty" which made me Happy. My lips becoming more pinkish red so it kinda looks like I have lipstick on. Yet they compliment me, deep in my heart I want to confess.. But we're a Christian Family.. I know the Bible.. What I'm doing is a Sin.. Yet I don't want to let go of myself. If I just could become the Femboy me every now and then, I'll continue to be their Good Natured Son that doesn't break the Law, do good to the society or whatever makes them happy..



P.S. I'm typing down all this while I'm outside at Night where there is no one out. I find comfort being alone in an open space at night where all I hear are the whistling sounds of the tree leaves and the cricket sounds. I just really hate being around with people.



So my only wish is for me to be able to become myself.. That's my only wish..