Subreddit: depression
Title: I'm young, why do I feel so empty? 
Author: Famous-Specialist860
Score: 5
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1ht35ld/im_young_why_do_i_feel_so_empty/

**(Sorry for all of the unnecessary things I say just need to get some of it out)**

I'm not going to say my age, but for the last few years of my life, I have felt so incredibly empty. Obviously it has not all been awful, I have a pretty good life. That's why this confuses me. Why, even with all the things I have (which I am very grateful for), do I feel so empty? I feel like my life is a loop with only the slightest things ever changing. Its like I am just here you know? Like I'm just watching. This also doesn't make sense to me. Nothing practically bad has ever happened to me. I have never been bullied, I have always had friends and been relatively popular at school. I have some social anxiety but that usually goes away when I'm with someone I'm comfortable with. I still have trouble with it though, I always overthink social situations after they happen, I look back on them and think that I could have said something different, or that I made the person think I was weird because of something I said. My parents have never really got along, my dad recently was kicked out of the house (2nd time this has happened). They always argue but that never really bothered me that much.  2 years ago I started playing basketball and I really enjoyed it. I would go to the gym to practice with my friends everyday and I did pretty good during the season. I really had passion for it. I was cut from the team this year, and I really lost all of my passion after that and it sucks, bad. Its like I lost all interest in it, when something like that should have motivated me to become better. This whole situation has made me hate myself. I want to work at it but I just don't have any passion for it anymore. It makes me feel like I'm a lazy bastard. I also started smoking weed 4-5 months ago. Weed made me feel part of a community, and it also calms me down and makes all the thoughts just stop and I can finally not feel so strange all the time.  I wouldn't say I'm addicted and I take 1-2 week breaks every so often without much problems . I want to quit but I feel like ill lose my friends or they will think less of me since we most of the time smoke when we hang out. At the same time I also don't want to quit since I feel like weed helps me feel normal, even though I know its bad for me. I feel like such a loser and disappointment to my parents. they really liked that I played sports since none of my siblings do. Now I don't,  and I feel like they think less of me. At dinner today my mom, grandma, and brother were talking about the play he's starring in and they are so proud of him and what he does, then my mom said to me, "Do you have any musicals coming up?". I shrugged jokingly  and then she said, "Have you been practicing basketball?" I said no and then she said, "You don't do anything" (I love my mom and I doubt she had any hurtful meaning behind this).  Her saying that is what made me make this post. I guess she's right, I don't really do anything, I just go through the day and do what I have to do. It like I'm empty and purposeless, I really wish I could find the happiness I had when I was so obsessed with basketball, but it really feels like I'm so mentally exhausted I don't want to do anything. I have never really ever talked to anybody about stuff like this cause it would embarrass me and it took a bit to even get the courage ( I know it sound stupid), to write this since I never really talk to anyone about my emotions because I don't want them to have to worry about me. I always want to be the person that makes other people laugh and please them. But now I really just want to put my problems out there even if they are insignificant or silly. I don't even feel like I should be depressed since my life is no where as near as hard as other people who actually have to go through real pain and struggle daily. I live in the US and am upper middle class so why should I even compare my problems to people who have it much worse than I do.  I all I want is to not feel like this anymore cause really I shouldn't. I have seen the other posts on here and have seen how much worse other peoples lives are and it makes me feel stupid and I don't even know It just sucks.