Subreddit: depression
Title: Hungry, but nothing sounds good anymore. 
Author: straycatwrangler
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hs25wc/hungry_but_nothing_sounds_good_anymore/

This was going on before I got sick, but it's gotten worse after I've gotten slightly better. I'd be hungry, I hadn't eaten anything or had a decent meal, but nothing sounds good or appetizing or like it's worth making. I'd wait so long; I'd get past the point of feeling hunger and begin feeling nauseous and even less interested in eating anything. 

I've had covid for the past week. The first three days were god awful. I was constantly trying to keep up with my fever and taking fever reducers, but it got up to a 103 and I felt like death. I didn't eat anything more than some crackers and half a bowl of ramen. I couldn't stomach it after I had gotten halfway through. 

I woke up yesterday absolutely *starving.* I so badly wanted to eat something... but nothing came to mind. The idea of most foods just made me nauseous. It got to a point where it was like, okay, I don't have to eat a meal, just eating something. Clementine? No. Apple? No. Granola bar? No. Yogurt? No. Crackers? Fuck no. Cheese stick? No. 

For the past few months, I've been making dinner for my husband before he gets home, and I don't even eat what I've made because I don't like it. I'm not a bad cook, he loves the food I make, but I'm not interested. Am I hungry? Absolutely. Is there something else I want? I quite literally cannot think of a single thing. 

Everything just sounds gross. When I do decide I'm going to just eat something, I don't care if it doesn't sound good, I feel nauseous afterwards. I don't want to be perpetually hungry, but holy shit. Food sounds so gross. 

On top of not having interest in much, having no energy, and generally just feeling shitty all the time, mentally or physically, now food sucks. Food sucks, coffee sucks, most energy drinks suck. Coming from someone who used to be a food loving, coffee loving, and energy drinking loving person, all of this sucks. 

I'm still recovering from being sick and I've got absolutely no energy, I'm crabby, I feel like shit, and I'm hungry, but everything makes me want to puke? This has to be a joke. 