Subreddit: depression
Title: In my head, a bit of advise please
Author: PassageBubbly921
Score: 3
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hua4wx/in_my_head_a_bit_of_advise_please/

I am using reddit for myself to vent so forgive me for whatever I say.

I am a 24 year old woman, I thought I was good for a bit and just a happy person that stayed far away from drama. I tried pleasing others, I gave so much for my friends and realised I was traveling to locations where they would go in separate cars, they all would be in one car and I'll be the only one in mine.

I spoke highly of my friends and always stuck up for them. But, when I needed someone they didn't help me vent or let me cry.

At work I was always failing, I even tried to keep a positive mindset and kept smiling saying I can improve, I can help, I can be beneficial and wanted. I thought that would help my need to feel a bit wanted.

I failed so much I stopped smiling and notice things around me. My brain didn't work anymore the way it used to. I have always thought that I could improve, if I tried better I could be like other normal people, I could be a little less of myself.

I failed so much, I tried hard in my situation, I tried seeing things from other people's perspective, no one notice I was trying hard but still failed. I failed so many times. My head wouldn't stop spinning and screaming and how much I am a waste of air and space. It's so frustrating, I am sooo unhappy and miserable with everything about me.

I forced a smile, I tried so hard being kind and humble to the point I stopped talking positively about myself. its so hard finding something positive about myself.

I like the thought of suicide, but too much of a coward. I just hate myself, hate my whole being. I hate going outside, socialising and I have isolated myself to the point where if I die no one will notice until my corpse start rotting away and someone complains about the smell.

I wanted to get things done today first time being outside in a long time and I started freaking out when I wanted to pamper myself, I felt selfish, it wasn't good enough. I want to drink but I don't want to drink I am scared of being so drunk I will try to find a rope and hang off my balcony.

I think about it all the time, death sounds like heaven to me but I am too much of a coward to be in pain for 5 minutes, struggling to live and clawing at the rope for air.

I looked for help, but it feels so selfish. I am so alone. I need help, please.