Subreddit: depression
Title: I Keep Disappointing 
Author: Dizzy-Discipline8690
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hsultb/i_keep_disappointing/

I'm 14 and I keep doing the wrong things. I can't stop lying and I don't know why. On New Year's Eve my friend's mom called my mom and told my mom that she found edibles in my friend's room and that my friend told her mom that I gave them to her, which I did. I lied to my mom though and I told her that I only gave my friend melatonin and she told what I said to my friend's mom and my friend told her mom that I said to her that they were my dad's and that my dad wouldn't notice if they were gone. My mom told me that on New Year's Day. My mom got really mad at me for lying and asked if I had anything else that I wanted to tell her, I told her that I vaped once and this was a lie too. I've vaped more than once and I actually have two vapes, I used to have three but one exploded. My friend's mom told my mom yesterday that there were texts between me and my friend that were incriminating and I'm scared of what those texts are. I remember that in November when I got my vapes I met up with a drug dealer and I was texting my friend about it because he was really late, but that was in November so I don't know if that was the text she was talking about. But also when my third vape exploded it was in school and my friend texted me to tell me that it happened, and I remember sometime in the conversation I said that I would get another one after break. I also said that I had perfume before that so I could say I was talking about getting more perfume but if that text wasn't right after the text about the perfume it would make me look really bad.

  
I don't know what to do. I don't know if I should just tell my mom and not wait to see if those were the texts my friend's mom was talking about. I don't know if I should tell my mom because I already told her twice that I had only vaped once, and the one thing my mom hates more than anything is lying. I also wouldn't want to tell her that I had met up with a drug dealer because I can't stand to see what her face would look like when I tell her. She would get mad at me and I know that she would tell me that she can't trust me anymore. And if I do tell my mom I wouldn't know what to say. I haven't vaped in two weeks but if I told my mom that she would think I was lying about that too because the vapes are still hidden in my room as I don't know how to get rid of them.

  
Everything is so overwhelming and I'm so done with always disappointing everyone. I don't know if I should just get it over with and kill myself or if I should keep going. I need advice.