Subreddit: depression
Title: Sharing my Thoughts
Author: Consistent_Farm2482
Score: 3
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hu9n8k/sharing_my_thoughts/

I really fucking need to share my thoughts. I've searched everywhere and nobody has remotely the same obsession as me. I've had this obsession since I was 10 and I am 18 now. It's the only way I can think. It's such a pain to explain because it's hard to understand and just a really long story. I'm going to post this on multiple subreddits because I don't know where this belongs. (Sorry if this post doesn't suit the sub).

In my mind I have a world of 'mental weapons'. Or mental systems. Idk how to call them. Examples include PROCESSING, VISUALIZATION, EVIDENCE, LIVING, etc. Right now I am using the mental weapons EVIDENCE and LIVING to write this post. This is how I think. The evidence tells me to be genuine and emotional abt this post so people keep on reading, but also for myself. LIVING is my mental weapon for learning and explaining. I 'live' you through the situation. I simplified the best way to learn to this philosophy/concept called LIVING. The best way to learn is to LIVE 'it'. If you want to be a genius in chess than create a chess environment. Play chess all day long so you live it the most and play against difficult opponents to live harder (live it even more). Doesn't matter if you lose because you will get stronger, rapidly. According to this LEARNING = LIVING theory the best way to learn Spanish is to just go to Spain and talk to people. Obviously you need know some theory and stuff.

It's hard to explain, maybe because I'm just an idiot. I'll do my best.

Anyways that was an example of concept. PROCESSING is also something that works really well especially in sports. It feels like I have a lot more control over my actions and there is thought behind every action. It's not good for talking to people though for some reason. When I process I can't find the words. I never know what to say. VISUALIZATION however is really good for speaking to people and public speaking. Using the EVIDENCE mental weapon seems to be good at filtering out unnecessary information. I'm actually a huge airhead. I always forget stuff and overlook many things. But looking for 'evidence ' and piecing them together 'fixed' my forgetful brain. There is also this other concept/philosophy I am using for friendships. I"ll call it the CONVERSATION. The idea is that my goal with sociality is to keep the conversation going as long as possible. I know these concepts are pretty vague I"ll do my best to explain it. CONVERSATION works well for me. I had a really hard time making friends and just talking to people but this philosophy helped me with that I guess. When I talk about the 'conversation' I am not just talking about this single interaction with the other person. I'm thinking long-term about our friendship. What to do I need to do so that we can talk a lot and for long?

The reason that I have all these ideas is.. I have no idea. Maybe I am wired like this. For about 4 years I've been obsessed with finding the 'ultimate mindset' or 'ultimate philosophy'. Something to live by which will make me really strong, smart, creative. Just a lot better in general. Better than other people maybe... But I have never found it maybe because it doesnt exist. Now it feels like my brain is malfunctioning. I just can't do anything. I will go to therapy soon but how the fuck will I explain this?

It's too hard to switch between mindsets when I need to. It's like I am using 2 different brains with each having other ways of doing stuff. For example combing the PROCESSING with CONSTANT FAKES helps me find and create many openings in sports. I am really short for Basketball standards but I am one of the best scorers because of my mental tricks. But when I need to talk to my teammates I need go switch to VISUALIZATION. Constantly doing this is exhausting.

When I try to not use my mental tricks I just suck at what I do. What is wrong with using mental tricks? It just seems natural to me. But then I end up here, stuck in my mind. I feel like time is ticking because I can't waste any more time no more in life. I believe I am a perfectionist. I want to live life completely and fully. Not miss anything but that's exactly what I am doing. This is the only thing I am thinking about for like 4 years. I know I sound autistic or weird but it would be really nice if I could discuss these 'theories' with someone. But nobody has this interest or obsession. Idk if I even like this obsession. Maybe this is really just a mental illness. Also prior to age 14 I was performing these OCD like rituals to 'restart my life' to achieve this 'clean slate' and so I can live the perfect life. Every week I would restart again. I have hunderds of gaming accounts and dozens of emails because of this. I stopped since I was 14 but it evolved into this. I don't think I am performing any compulsions. It's just that I am trying to program my brain in a way but I broke it.

What do you think of this? I would really like to hear your opinions. Doesn't matter if you're not a therapist I'll reflect on every advice you'll give me. It might not sound like it (or maybe it does lol) but my mental health is pretty bad and I am really struggling.