Subreddit: depression
Title: Boyfriend wants a break due to his clinical depression.
Author: ReasonableExtent6295
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hswj0m/boyfriend_wants_a_break_due_to_his_clinical/

Hi,

So myself and my partner have been together for 6 years now. Back in September 2023, one of his parents passed away, he was so close to them and they were his best friend, they passed from cancer from being diagnosed to passing it was around 5/6 months. They had a horrible ordeal towards the end and it really brought him nightmares after they passed.

I'm trying to cut a long story short so I may miss some details out.

I'd say in the December he began to say he needed space as the grief was hitting him really hard, so he stayed in his parents house out of our family home, which was fine as we still saw each other regularly. We were still together but he needed space and time to process things. I know his depression was really bad even in the February as he had his mums ashes in front of him and was just rocking in front of them and crying out for his parent, I remember saying nothing and just holding him until he just stopped and stared at the box filled with his parent ashes.

Over the next year we did discuss our relationship around 3/4 times and I suggested either a break or us not being together and he said he didn't want that as it would be too upsetting. He had begun medication in the December of 2023 but then said it made no difference to his emotions. Fast forward to December 2024 and he accepted that he needed some professional support and has begun counselling and his therapist has asked him to change medication and so he's weaning himself off it now and starts his new medication Monday.

Today he said he needed a break from something in his life, he's been really struggling more than usual the past few days and saying he can't do life and then went on to say 'you don't need this' I asked if that meant he needed a break from us, in the end he said let's have a break and see. Ever since he's said this he's frustrated if I'm not saying much or a little short, I know I shouldn't but I am upset and I don't mean too. In the last 14 months I have been there for him, made sure all the house bits were sorted, he had enough food etc. and tried to simply be there when he needed, even just in silence. To add when we had discussed a break before he had broken down, cried on me and explained he loves me and cares for me but he can't manage anything etc. it's not a case of anyone else.

I'm heartbroken. I know it's the depression from his parents grief, I've never had depression and so I am just looking for others opinions or experiences with being the one with depression or being with someone with depression. Can anyone provide any advice?