Subreddit: depression
Title: i feel lost
Author: No-Start-273
Score: 2
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hrimsp/i_feel_lost/


I don't know how to start this so i guess ill just dump my bullshit all at once, apologies if this feels like a ramble but i guess thats what it is.  This past year has been shit, possibly one of the worst years ive been through in recent memory, which is not what I expected going in.  
I moved out of my abusive parents' house the year before, travelled over 1000 miles away to live with what were once close friends in hopes of improving my life, getting on my feet, and (hopefully) finding some kind of fulfillment in finally getting the autonomy I've been craving.  What I got instead was the 2 worst possible roommates I could have ended up with, a completely shattered friend group beyond repair, a growing chasm of distrust between me and my partner that can very well tear us apart, and instead of garnering a career and finally finishing my college education, I remain a college dropout living at the bottom rung of the step ladder, barely making ends meet with a part-time job I hate while I watch the world around me tear itself apart and rot away.

What I got out of this past year has left me empty, unfulfilled and deeply scared for the future.  World events have left me beyond pessimistic of the moral fiber of society, and my worldview has grown extremely nhilistic and cynical.  I used to love people, I used to trust my friends and the people around me, and now all I feel is disgust and utter hatred.  I don't even want to bother building new relationships anymore because of how tainted my perception of people has become, I just see people as greedy, self-interested slobs that aren't even worth my time and effort anymore.  

I feel unfulfilled, I used to be a passionate artist, I used to want to create things, I wanted to add something to this world, to inspire people.  But now I dont even want to touch my sketchbook, the very thought fills me with dread and self hatred.  I feel like I wasted my time and energy and have nothing to show for it.

I don't know how to live, that isn't to say I want to die, I just don't know how to live.  I don't remember how to love life, I don't know how to look past people's faults anymore without deep disgust for them, I don't know how to love myself and my work and my passions like I used to, and a big part of me feels like I shouldn't even bother trying to cope with it.  

idk if anyone here can relate to this, or if anyone knows how to cope with this, but if anyone does, advice would be pretty nice to hear