Subreddit: depression
Title: My severe depression isn’t getting any better and neither is my situation… feeling hopeless
Author: Extreme_Grapefruit82
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1htdjsm/my_severe_depression_isnt_getting_any_better_and/

hi, I’ve never done this before, but I’ve been severely depressed since I was 17, I’m 25 now, and things haven’t really gotten any better. I’m still living at home with my high key abusive mother, I’ve never been in work, and I barely take care of myself. Everything seems impossible to do. Not to mention my younger brother (14) has ADHD and often has meltdowns, which can be stressful for both him and everyone around him. My mother doesn’t have the tools to properly take care of him in the way he needs, like consistently giving him his medication etc, so a lot of the care falls on me and my older sister (27).

My mother is a hoarder, and the house is always a mess (I’ve tried cleaning many times throughout the years but it makes her mad and she gets the clutter back). I’ve thought about moving out but would need a job to rent somewhere, and I’m quite frankly unqualified as I didn‘t finish college due to my mental health deteriorating (they didn‘t know what to do with me so they suspended me due to my low attendance). My also doctor has said he thinks I should wait a while before getting a job, because my psychosis symptoms only just went away in early 2024.

And then there‘s my depression. It’s always there, always lurking. I always feel this sense of dread and emptiness with a tinge of lowness. I always feel like I have to wear a mask around people and pretend that I’m ok, even though I’m screaming inside. I don’t have any friends to vent to, so most of my interactions have been with family or doctors/mental health professionals. 

I should also mention that my sister is my carer. She takes me to all my appointments and gets me ready when I need to, we both want to move out but she definitely wouldn’t want to leave my brother with our mum, and since neither of us have a job that’s out of the picture anyway.

I hope I’ve explained myself well enough. And I’d like to also mention that I do take medication for my depression and psychosis, but I don’t feel like they help. I don’t feel like I’m living, I’m mainly in bed all day. I’ve tried doing other things, but nothing brings me joy anymore. 