Subreddit: depression
Title: It just NEVER ends.
Author: KiryuIsMyGoat
Score: 2
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hu2r3w/it_just_never_ends/

Hello, I am 15, and I have been going through a bunch of stuff, more mentally than anything else these past 5 years. I have a loving family, nice home, nice things in general, but that just won't cut it.  
I am literally all of the negatives of my family combined into one stupid fucking piece of shit that doesn't learn or grow from anything.  
I also suck at human interaction in general, I can't even FATHOM going up to someone I have a crush on, and going "Hey can I get your number?",  
I am legit wayyyyy to shy to do anything that I want to do. Plus my anxiety just sky rockets, and implodes on me, though sometimes it does have my back. For instance I was at the mall with my best friends, and there was some creepy old dude staring at us while we ate. I pointed it out to my friends, and they fucking laughed at me. They LAUGHED AT ME. Super humiliating.  
At the very least something I can be happy about is I am above average looking. Which helps me make friends more, but everyone that I become friends with are just pieces of shit to the max.  
Atleast I can hold up friendships, but I can't hold up my fuck ass grades. If coronavirus hadn't of happened, I probably would be making fucking history. Though it could just be ego.

Yet I just SUCK at everything I try. Not too long ago I tried to get into fighting games again, but nope, I can't even learn ANYTHING. I can't learn for shit, and just makes me over think every single move I do.  
I also can't learn how to interact with strangers on my lonesome, because my stomach literally ties into a knot. I get terrible stomach aches from anxiety, which might as well be my Achilles heel, because it just stops me from doing literally anything.  
I start to see a therapist recently, but whenever I go and talk to her, I feel all happy, joyful, and all that stupid shit. Next day, BOOM there it all goes.

Plus having been single for well, all I can remember, I legit haven't hugged someone outside of my family, like ever. It ruins my self esteem, making me rethink how I look, and if I did this, or that.  
Sometimes I just wish I could fucking lobotomize myself.  
I don't know who it is in my family that just has these fucked up genes, and passed them down to me, because I legit just can't anymore.

All of this combined has just fucked up my anger issues more, because I started to punch myself a bunch, bruising the my face. I'm so glad that I can keep away my anger when I'm around people, because I treat myself like complete and utter dog shit. If I could have a punching bag, and it be anyone, it would be one with my fucking face on it.  
If I could dig into my skin and pull away all the insecurities, I would be able to do all of the things I have wanted to, but maybe I'm just some weirdo that doesn't know how to interact properly with others.

Another thing to add on top of that, I always have been bullied for my feminine appearance. Like okay dude, fuck off you weirdo, like why in the world are you looking at me like that.  
Plus when ever I am in school I always get sexually harassed, which doesn't feel the best. Sometimes I get groped and all that weird stuff.  
I want to tell the teachers, and staff, but I always faulter in my promises, not ever telling.

Plus with all of my fucking suicidal thoughts piling up, makes a beautiful fuck up stew for all and everyone to see.

If I could crawl out of my skin, I would do it in a instant. Sorry for the rant.