Subreddit: depression
Title: How the heck do I improve my motivation?
Author: Do_unto_udders
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hup828/how_the_heck_do_i_improve_my_motivation/

Before my depression became severe in my early-to-mid 20's, I was basically a superhuman compared to my current state.  I got up at 5:00 AM every morning, took a shower, did my hair, did my makeup, went to school all day (graduated top of my class, had universities pandering to me to get me to attend), came home and spent an hour or so with friends, did homework up until 10-11:00 PM.  I also did volunteer work, was very active in a local church, and had pretty much no time for anything else.

Fast forward to now.  Fifteen psych hospitalizations later (with my longest two being six months long and one year long), I failed out of college after rocking my first two years.  I began smoking weed and drinking a ton and just stopped doing homework, going to study groups, and eventually, I stopped attending classes entirely.  I would wake up, smoke weed, sleep, drink, smoke more weed, smoke more weed after smoking more weed...  Yeah.

I've binged on alcohol three times in the last year.  I stopped using cannabis products almost a year ago as well.  I still have very low motivation.  Today is January 5th and I just bathed for the first time since December 30th.  I still sit in bed all day.  Sometimes I binge eat, but due to some recent med changes my appetite is dwindling.  I'm 350 lbs, so that's fine by me.

I try to do things like buying high quality skin care and shower products that I want to use because the feel great, smell great, and I don't want that money to go to waste because I'm not using them lol.  But still, if I know I'm not going to be seeing anyone for a few days, I don't usually bathe until the night before.  I really only see people twice a week.  I have a therapist or another ACT team member check on me/bring meds on Wednesdays and Thursdays are group outings and a substance use recovery group.  Sometimes my parents pick me up on Friday for the weekend but I live almost an hour away and I feel bad making them drive that far.  Although I really, truly love them for it.

So when I know I'll be alone for a while, how do I keep doing things like bathing, doing the dishes, cleaning?  I feel like it's pointless if I'm the only one who will know.  My motivation kind of ebbs and flows.  I can do good for a few days or a few weeks, then I inexplicably begin the cycle-of-nothing anew.  I have fought through a lot of stuff and I know I can tackle this too.  I just don't know how.  Thank you for reading!