Subreddit: depression
Title: Feeling worse and worse
Author: sxinn
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1huc7rt/feeling_worse_and_worse/

I am 23 and studying. My single parent mom passed 3 years ago and I am now staying with my aunt who helped raised me since I was a baby. She was never a good person to live with but there was no where else I could go. My aunt is a person who could yell to my crying grandma’s face that she will die before my grandma and to never come to her funeral. 

I never know what triggers her temper and that causes me so much fear and anxiety whenever I think I did something that will make her angry. Small things like:
- Spilling pieces of food on the floor
- Spilling plain water on the floor
- Sitting on the toilet for not more than 5 minutes. 
- Accidentally ignored her because I didn’t hear what she said

And many more. Issues that I did not cause would still be “clearly” my fault. Many times she threatened to kick me out for those issues because I “broke her floor/toilet/table/stove etc” when it’s a simple cloth and mop clean up mess. She has raised her hands on me and thrown dangerous things at me even after I’ve grown older. Sometimes I feel she is more ok to be around, I would talk to her only to understand that once again we are not compatible. She dismisses my feelings and always compares her experiences to mine when I try to open up. 

I am not good either as I escalate it to a yelling competition and bring up past issues, and some problems were indeed caused by me. Yet my resentment is slowly building up to hatred every time she opens her mouth. I would love to move, but I do not have to funds, so I am also financially dependent on her for shelter. She raised me when she did not have to, something she emphasised non-stop, and I agree. I also know that she is a lonely person with a very high ego, she lives better with people around, yet consistently pushes people away with her attitude. She will never admit it this. There’s a reason why all of her siblings and her own mother do not talk to her. 

In the end, I still feel a filial obligation towards her so staying away from her house or going NC is not an option for me currently. My anxiety and depression is through the roof though, my academics is going downhill and everyday even when it’s peaceful and quiet, I feel like dying. I do not have to strength to do anything in this life, even more so imagine a future.