Subreddit: BPD
Title: I just feel like I'm drowning in sadness
Author: _raven_the_knight
Score: 6
Created UTC: 2024-12-22 22:32:14
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/BPD/comments/1hk9ipo/i_just_feel_like_im_drowning_in_sadness/

Everything feels so overwhelming and nothing helps. I don't really know where to start. I want a relationship and friends (currently have neither) but I hate meeting new people because I'm so awkward and intense and don't know what to talk about. I also get exhausted from talking to people. I was supposed to hang out with someone I haven't seen since HS but I flaked. I just get this deep shame from being seen by people, like i know theyre disgusted by me. When I was in school I always got bullied for being ugly but then a good amount of people have told me really nice things about my looks, like I've been called gorgeous and beautiful but I dont really believe them. I'm also really sad that I put so much value on the way I look. It's something I've been wanting to stop doing for a while now but it's so hard.

But I just feel so ashamed from existing to the point I dont want to talk to anyone, but i CRAVE human interaction and closeness. How can I crave closeness if i push people away? But when I have my eyes set on someone, I feel like i drive myself insane thinking about them.

Im currently laying in my bed in the dark, scrolling through dating apps. I really hate myself for it. I should be out with friends at a bar. Unfortunately I live in the middle of nowhere rural PA so it would take a while to even go anywhere which just makes it tiring. I'm only 23 and ½ but I just hate myself and the way Im living. I think the holidays are what's contributing. I wanna go out for new years but i don't wanna go alone. I'm always envious of people who can be so charming and fun and people are just drawn to them. I use to be like that when I was a teenager but I think i let all the bullying get to me. I wish I wasn't spending my life like this

Sorry for being all doom and gloom I tried to water it down for this post 