Subreddit: depression
Title: Once you hit the bottom, i guess you can always go deeper
Author: No-Leopard9157
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 04:04:13
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0xl4x/once_you_hit_the_bottom_i_guess_you_can_always_go/

Hi everyone, I've been meaning to do this for awhile but i kept telling myself it wasn't worth it, but now i feel like I'm at a point where i need to write down how i feel or i never will be able to fully put the feeling of drowning into words. I apologize if this is a little long, but i will try to summarize.

I had always known my father was not the best dad and a very bad husband, there was violence in our household the likes of which would put him in prison twice from the time i was a child to a teenager. he had assaulted me quite a few times, some of which i can remember vividly and others my family reminds me of that i had no idea of happening. when i went of to college, my sister seemed to be unscathed, but when she went off to college, my brother received the brunt of it, and i believe this affected us in different ways. Besides us there is no question that our mother received the most of it what happened in front of us as children at an early age probably hit me the hardest, after beating my mother and being sent to jail the first time i remember we watched monsters inc. and to this day i still have trouble watching that movie. My mother took him back and the cycle continued here and there occasionally, with him screaming behind closed doors and us cowering somewhere in our bedroom. I remember vividly at the age of 12-14 cowering in our parents bedroom, and i more or less crashed out and told my brother and sister that we are leaving, pulling on them relentlessly. They wouldn't budge, so i ran out to the living and yelled and cussed at them to stop. When i was threatened back i told them i was leaving and ran out the front door and got the attention of the whole neighborhood. They called the police and we eventually became the crazy black family in the neighborhood. Once again my mother took him back and he would use his "charm" and a week long video game rental from blockbuster to win us kids back. He continued to rule through fear and a strange sense of entitlement that made it all seem like he was the one who had been done wrong for all my childhood years. Of course there was a sprinkle of good times and inside jokes in there but it was all built on a house of cards with each one being a promised that would never be fulfilled. Inside that house built of sleek gambling paper was a family that was just waiting for it to fall, and maybe didn't know that's what they wanted or perhaps even needed.

If i had been a child prodigy or a mutant x-men like Xavier who could know everything, i wish i had told my mom to send our father on his way.

At this point i try and summarize further, i know that first paragraph was hella long.

Fast forward some years and i have joined the military, Air Force, seven years, graduated college, and started my second "real" job. It was overseas and housing was being paid for so it was a great opportunity to save money. I thought this was exactly what i wanted, i can save money and travel around plus start paying off some of the minor loans i racked up from my time in college and from being a complete degenerate. The job was harsh and my boss was very demanding. I was actually pretty depressed from the stream of mistakes i was making, and probably spent to much time binge eating and acting like the whole world was against me, when in reality i just needed to do my job the right way and there wouldn't be any issues. my boss who turned out not to be a complete asshole had a heart to heart with me about this, and i really started to straighten out. Even gave me some recommendations for travel, but work was always work with him and i respected that. I  fact id say visions of what my father and unfairly comparing my boss may have hindered my chance at enjoying my time there more.

There came a point during this job when my mother called me in tears, she had told me that they were getting a divorce. From the get go i cant say i was really surprised, but i understand putting you faith and trust in someone for 25 years and he up and leaves for another woman. From the start i wasn't to concerned with it, i would be there to support my mother and love her like she has done the same for my since i was born. That being said, it wasn't until she gave me the detail of our house of cards that i wished i could have been born something greater than i am right now, or at least had the back bone to tell i know the pain doesn't end today while I'm 12, it will continue further down the road.

My mom began to ask me for advice, and i called her as much as i could along with my sister, my brother  had left the family at this point and refused to talk to anyone. She would ask me for advice and i couldn't really answer all the time, id reassure her that he was a terrible father, but i didn't know anything about relationships. At one point they thought i was gay i was having so much trouble with it. The more we talked the more every word laid like a weight on my mind. My Father had been cheating for years, spending money he didn't even have on women he met all the time. From women he met when he went to find a job in California and Colorado, to women he met at the literal business he started with my mom. our family was well off because of my mother, my father never wanted to keep a job. Honestly, the more that i think about it, every thing from our house to our Christmas presents, my mother paid for. Unfortunately, that also includes anything my father got for these other women.

My mother always wanted to be her own boss, and when she needed back up the most, my father always had an excuse. She paid for him to go to school and be a chef because that's what he wanted. but when the time came to be the man he boasted of being, he always quit. my mother needed help and it was his job to provide and protect for at least a year if anything after being taken care of for so long. He could never do it. In the past i would ask mom how his job search was going, and her answer was always a little of this and a little of that. I look back on those maybe possibly answers and i was happy cause it seemed like something he may like and it would be great for him. But with all of these lies I'm starting to see, i wonder if he ever even applied. and maybe my elation should have been saved for something else, or maybe when he could learn to provide for an extended period of time.

Last year i had finally gotten a job where i knew this is exactly what i needed. After failing at saving any money in my last job. i got a new one where everything was paid for. all i had to do was work and rack in the cash, after 4 months i could make damn near 25k, i already had plans to invest and everything else. The location was shitty and obscure but i figured i could power through for 6 months to a year. all that joy more or less disappeared after my mother dropped more weight on my head. My Father was doing Uber before he left, my mother was still working on her business before he left so she didn't have a job. My mother made an exuberant amount of money before she quit her job, But she had nothing from the house to the car, to other thousand dollar loans payed off. I remember asking where the money had all gone, she said they spent it and didn't fucking pay anything off. I asked what it could have been spent on, truth be told she had been hiding a lot of it from my father because he just spent money he knew someone had, but not fucking him. from toll roads to these other fucking women to dinners he had to have but didn't fucking need to take. He's a fucking chef and he cant limit a restaurant bill to 200$ a month and just cook the rest of the time. For some reason she said she just couldn't tell him no, and i guess he has to be some sort of baller for somebody. but he couldn't be baller enough to make his own money to support us. Now she is drowning in debt without a job and trying to create this start up business, with a lot of this debt he had to put in her name because he's a criminal with a shit credit score.

Now we are at present day, and i say all of this because i am flat broke after those 4 months of work, i had given most of my money to my mother. I actually hate this job since there is nothing to learn, just mundane level cusp of retirement work. This obscure location is a hell hole as well. and after i get this colonoscopy, i seriously wont have a dollar to my name. I remember thinking i have just enough to go see a football game. I know i didn't have to but i needed a pick me up after busting my ass and having nothing to show for it. then my sister called and said she needed the little extra i have to move somewhere she was completely un prepared for, and come to find out while she has a job, the big reason was for some guy she's not even dating anymore. When she asked for that, i had felt disappointed in myself in early 20s angst and sad from teenage puberty inconveniences, but I've never felt that level of sadness and thought of drowning and killing myself ever. I really have nothing, i'm freaking out from this colonoscopy and ive worked hard and not a dime to my fucking name. There aren't any friends or a woman i can confide in, my father fucking took everything for 20 fucking years and now I'm here hoping the doctor tells me i have stage 4 cancer and that its un survivable so i can just feel some relief. I don't think i ever want to have a family, i might be the same man as him a lazy fuck who just cant seem to get out of his own way. Now the burden of clearing all this debt or at least keep things close to water, cause we aren't at see level or above water, we are in the fucking water 20k and we are luck we aren't sinking more. I want to crash out but its not constructive in the end, i might be to tired to even crash out. I talk but there are days when my jaw feels like lead and the air I'm using to make words is like a jaw breaker big enough to fit in but stuck at my teeth when i try to push it out. All i know is "yeah", there's nothing to talk about!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We are broke and drowning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

My colonoscopy is in three days, i wanna get bad news cause then no one will be able to rely on me anymore, but i know i can't get bad new because people need me. I'm so sick and mad and tired and constantly asleep. Sometimes i remember the good days, the one girl that took interest in me when i travelled oversees, the friends i shared a house with in college. Some how the bad moments just mean more on days and rough times like this. Why didn't i communicate more! she liked me and i could have had a family and a different outlook on life! probably even had mom move in with me. Why didn't i learn to invest sooner! i could have paid all this off yesterday! Why didn't i buckle down and get a better degree, i knew the one i had now was garbage, i might have been spending less time partying and more time gaining skills to make money.

I don't even know what else to type. if i could find a way to take care of everything so i knew my mother and sister were taken care of, id get there worlds biggest blanket get under it and take the worlds longest nap to nowhere. They would probably ask me to wake up.

I apologize if this is to long and not straight forward, wish me luck on this colonoscopy. 