Subreddit: GERD
Title: Amount of food or time spent eating confusion
Author: DirectionOk7492
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2024-12-25 13:09:05
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/GERD/comments/1hm0fzz/amount_of_food_or_time_spent_eating_confusion/




Here is the thing: I was diagnosed with a herniated stomach and a gallbladder full of stones about two months ago.
GERD had been a constant since two pregnancies, at some point then the hernia happened but no pinpointing when really. I also have diabetes type 2, my fault for having the fast-fast-unhealthy habits that come with always thinking you’re too busy. 

What confuses me is that when I eat a regular meal, we eat our hot dinner at night, this can be a decent amount of food. I’m in Europe so no xxl-portions but when my plate is filled, I can eat everything (be it meat, veg, taters or pasta or stew, regular food right) and be perfectly fine. I avoid bread and my reflux has not played up in ages.

However, on special occasions we tend to do ‘nibbles and drinks’ and then all hell has broken loose the last three times. Christmas Eve, we had some cold canapés, at least forty minutes later some warm puff pastry bites, another half an hour later some paté. All of this together - husband and kids ate most of it - would not have filled hálf a normal dinnertime meal. And none of it was specifically lots of dairy or red meat or anything. Literally those salmon puffs, a mini pizza (bitesized), things like that. 

And yet, literally, I ate a bite and my stomach revolted immediately. Absolutely immediately. Run to the loo and be violently sick on bóth ends. Nothing that came out looked particularly undigested either, maybe a bayleaf. And half an hour after I felt pretty much fine. A bit wobbly and very tired but stomach was back to normal.

This has happened on the last three occasions of eating over a longer period of time. The first time was even after having gone to a really, really nice restaurant. Paid the bill and had to book it home. 

Now with NYE coming up, we’re just at home, I am pretty worried. Obviously I’m keeping even the nibbling for myself to a minimum but I was wondering if anyone experiences the same? Or has any explanation? Will I never be able to eat ‘lenghty’ occasions again? The sickness is so bad, I am a blubbering mess until it’s all out. It’s insane. Or feels insane.

Tl;dr: if my meal takes a long time, I get violently sick even if the portion consumed is smaller than a regular meal?