Subreddit: depression
Title: I don't want to live anymore 
Author: Familiar-Message-299
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 08:15:20
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i11ep8/i_dont_want_to_live_anymore/

heavy for a first post, but I don't know what else to do. I tried committing last night but pussied out last minute. I want to attempt again tonight. I feel very unloved everywhere. I'm (17f) the youngest of 2 kids. my brother is their favorite because they can brag about him. he's 5 years older than me and about to graduate with double degrees. I was supposed to graduate this year but have to be held back due to too many failed classes. I started hating school and lost all motivation and will to do well in school back in 6th grade. my grades started slipping then. my brother is an international robotics champion with many awards. my family is also chinese, but among all of my cousins, I feel like my family is the only one that prefers the older son. I've never been told i love you by anyone, not even my parents. the last time I remember being hugged was 3 years ago the night before my grandpa died. I feel like none of my friends genuinely like me, because they all always plan stuff without me. I don't get invited to anything unless they see me sitting alone and feel bad ig. I've been wanting to commit since I was about 8 and always failed to because I felt bad for my dad, who has a raging anger management problem but is the parent I've always preferred. both my parents are what my "friends" call abusive. they yell and scream over the smallest thing and turn to physical violence (ie hitting, hair pulling, throwing stuff etc). I've had spoonfuls of raw minced garlic shoved in my mouth over a few mistakes on tests before. I feel worthless and with my most recent failure (my grades and having to repeat the year) I feel that I'd rather end myself than tolerate the abuse from my parents and relatives. I'm sorry this is so long, and this isn't everything I feel, but I could go on for years. I'm not seeking pity or anything, just want to see if anyone has ever been in the same/a similar position and what they did to get out. 