Subreddit: depression
Title: Feeling weird and empty
Author: Zgkira247
Score: 4
Created UTC: 2025-01-15 03:26:07
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1og6b/feeling_weird_and_empty/


I am 20 male and for the longest i have a feeling that i cannot describe. I dont know if its sadness or exactly what is it so i just say weird cause thats the closest thing i can find. I was heavely bullied as a child and it grew on me this feeling of being scared of others or of outside and it did pass for some time but i think that me feeling like this is maybe a trauma response to that. Im very sensitive and used to cry alot which was the main source for my bullying. I sometimes still cry myself to sleep which is kinda odd, i do not enjoy it in fact i hate it. When im not going to school i just stay in bed all day i do not have even the patience to play video games i just lock my door and stay in bed and at night get that guilty feeling of another day passed without any productivity. I speak about alot of things at the same time because im not used to venting i never do it ive always kept quiet until it just passes by, so my ideas are not in order. I struggle with alot of things related to emotions and comunnication, anything that involves another person. I dont know how to communicate emotions or understand them. I cry randomly throughout the day and at every minor inconveniance. I cant handle been talked bad to or screamed at because it just makes me cry. Sometimes i feel like im not a man or im still not ready to be a man i still feel like a child in my head and in the way i act. Maybe because i havent had a peaceful childhood so i didnt got through the normal stages of growing up. I cry at pictures of myself when i was young, or at any picture or videos of me younger, even videos of other childrens being happy just makes me cry. I wish i could hug myself when i was a kid. I dont really enjoy life that much, i never found myself trying to be in a better shape or condition because im not that attached to life to care about myself. Its so selfish so say this especially in my religiom where it says you should be grateful for everyday you live, and its true i should be greateful theres so much worse then me. I try to be grateful but its hard to be grateful for something you didnt want from the start. I have a bigger brother who heavely autistic, so hes the reason im here because they wanted a “normal” son. Sometimes i wish he was normal, everyone would get what they want, he lives a happy life my parents get the one son they wanted, and i dont get to live, if you ask me thats a win win situation. But as i said before ig i should just be grateful. I hate life and i hate myself.