Subreddit: depression
Title: Always needing ‘more time’ but paralyzed within it?
Author: DirectionOk7492
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 13:14:48
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i15sbj/always_needing_more_time_but_paralyzed_within_it/

My homelife for myself is a mix of depression/ADHD: I will do laundry the typical way (wash one load per day, dry one load per day, forget and rewash it probably twice, fold and put away sometime in the next year, although we moved in four years ago and some clothes never made it to a closet yet) and I keep up with the dishwasher.
The rest of the rooms consist of a ton of ‘piles’. Sometimes the piles are in such a way that it feels tidy-is *to me* but mostly they are typical doom-piles made into full doom-rooms. 

I constantly find myself begging, I dunno if it’s the universe or whatever but begging sómething, for ‘more time’. Because if only I had a few more days, I’d read that book or build that Lego or even clean that kitchen or take out the cardboard. 

And yet every time I have ‘more time’ I am paralyzed. I do the same little jobs as mentioned above, make a few more piles which feel temporarily ‘better than it was at least’ and then my mind is overwhelmed with this loud countdown clock ‘only x more days and your precious time out from outside is done, only x more hours’. After which I sit doomscrolling (lot of doom going on imo?) and panicking more and more about the inevitable moment I have to leave the house and go back to work.

I am a teacher, so my work is the usual prepping lessons, correcting stuff etc. I find myself prepping lessons four, five times or more and each time my brain shutters completely and refuses to accept it as ‘done, good enough’. I am constantly adding things because I al terrified of having ‘empty’ time at the end of lessons. I’m also constantly trying to find things to teach in lessons that are on topic but minimize how much I need to speak. Not that I can’t, I’ve been told I am an enthusiastic and engaging teacher but because I am, again, scared of running out of things to say. Which makes no sense, I am the teacher so I can just set some exercises if and when it should happen - it never has - and it’d be like any other lesson-experience the students have, I mean évery colleague has done this too.

My brain seems obsessed with obtaining more time, with running out of time, but every time I have more of it… I am unable to break through into using it well or at least for my own well-ness. I feel like I am hurtling towards ‘something’ but I have nó idea what. I’ve had some breaks from work due to severe depression and I am told ‘use the time to relax, you are not obliged to do anything at all’ and that time flies whilst I am … not even close to feeling anything like less stressed, nervous, sad, scared. 

(I am on medication for depression and anxiety, it’s being re-evaluated end of this month).

Right now, on day six out of seven on sick-leave for my herniated back and I want so much to go back to work feeling refreshed and calm. But I cannot do it. I feel the fckn ‘doom’ áll the time.

Sorry for the longness of it. 