Subreddit: selfharmteens
Title: first time
Author: underachieving6
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-15 05:26:34
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/selfharmteens/comments/1i1qiju/first_time/

hi. this is my first time on reddit and doing this so idk what to do really but i just needed to let it out somewhere. 

i, 18f, am a uni student in my 2nd year. i just realised that ive been depressed since i was probably 16 but was in denial, claiming that it was burnout or that i was just lazy. i used to think my suicidal thoughts were just intrusive and that i wasnt really suicidal. i was my parents golden child, i did well academically, skipped grades, got into a top uni and seemed happy all the while. hell i thought i was happy too. but everytime someone would ask "where do you see yourself in 5 years" id always be unable to answer. and id joke and say well i dont think ahead that far, but if i really think, id say i dont see myself tht far in the future. it was always in the back of my head and buried and i always use to scratch my arms when i was stressed but never anything more, because im a coward and would get scared.

It all came to a head today, well yesterday, when i couldnt help myself and cut for the first time. i used a new razor that was just sitting near me. it feels like nothing. it stung at first but it quickly faded to nothing. i felt strangely calm after and slapped a bandage over the bleeding cuts without washing em or anything. its been a few hours and the calm has faded and i keep wanting to go back. i dont want to rely on it, i already hate the sight of my arms when i scratch at them, it will be worse with the cuts right? i dont know. i feel like im attention seeking and trying to find a excuse since its exam season. maybe cutting is just me being a coward again, unable to face the real world like a normal person. 

I tried to tell my dad, hinted at my depression, but my family is religious and he just told me to pray. hah. i prayed for god to take me in my sleep, so i wouldnt have to kill myself just a few hours before he said that. felt like a punch to the gut, but i dont blame him. hes from a countryside village and its all he knows. i feel like im just rambling atp. 