Subreddit: depression
Title: 3 years later it's coming back
Author: DavoMcBones
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2024-12-30 09:16:27
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hpjfho/3_years_later_its_coming_back/

I used to have what I would consider borderline depression back in 2020. It was a result of constant bullying and no one wanting to befriend me, treating me like a no one, ignoring me like I dont exist. Not to mention covid lockdowns making it worse.


In 2022 I moved schools and it's gotten better, I made friends, I did stuff which I'm proud of, 2024 especially is the best year of my life, this was also the year where a girl confessed her feelings to me.. I now have a gf!! it felt like I was finally free from all the anxiety and depression pushing me down. I felt happy and grateful for this gifted year, and the phenomenal progress I have made on my mental health, I felt unstoppable this year.


But now, just a few days away from the end of "the best year of my life", I'm starting to feel it come back, a feeling I havent felt in nearly 3 years. But it's different this time, I cant seem to find out what's causing me to feel this way. Last time it was pretty obvious that it was because of how people treated me back then, but now I have no idea? I have everything I want now. But it just feels like I'm always tired, I'm always stressed, I'm always sad, for absolutely no reason!! 

My parents are starting to realize something's wrong again and asked if everything's okay. I just dismissed it and said I'm okay I'm just tired. I havent talked to my parents in a while, actually, I havent talked to anyone in days because i just dont have the motivation. I havent spoken to my freinds for a whole either, I havent talked to my gf in days, shes getting worried about me and I feel so guilty for that. I feel like a spoiled brat because I should be happy, I shoudnt be drowning in negative emotions like this, especially at this time of year.


I have supportive parents, I have friends, I have a kind understanding gf, I just graduated so I have all the time in the world to do literally anything I want for the next 2 months, i have plenty of options to reach for support, but something, I dont know what, is just draining my soul away, draining my motivation to do.. anything... not only that, but  I feel guilty if I try to seek help. I feel like a spoiled brat, as if I'm just seeking attention, there are people in this world who are in a far worse situation than me, I shoudnt be feeling this way. I need to find the source of this before it starts taking a serious toll on my mental health again. I dont want to spend my 2 months of break before college just bed rotting and being useless. I escaped depression once, but I forgot how, and now it's coming back and I need help again..