Subreddit: TrueOffMyChest
Title: Tired of being single, have no clue what to do about it
Author: wuance_moore
Score: 4
Created UTC: 2025-01-08 21:46:30
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/1hwvwox/tired_of_being_single_have_no_clue_what_to_do/

I keep posting on Reddit about this, not sure what I expect from this activity, but after turning 27, it’s become this restless feeling I get every hour. There is always negative talk in my head I am not enough for women anymore, it’s like I’ve never even dated, and it feels I’ve been single forever, even when that’s not being the case. What broke me up yesterday is I tried recalling my last and only relationship back when I was 17, I don’t even remember her face or voice. 

But I started recalling all the times we snuck out of class to make out, constant flirty texting, sexting, finding every opportunity to be close to each other for comfort, we’d even be sometimes called out as the couple who were overly touchy with other at every occasion, folks labeled us as love birds, constant romance, looking back at all of them I cannot believe myself that whether they really h appened? How was I even capable of this? Was it really even me? It broke me up so much thinking that I was capable of this back then, but not anymore. 
How did end up from there, to being single ever since, how did I become so disconnected from that me :’(

I’ve genuinely tried since 2021, dating apps, none of them worked, I barely get any matches and if i did, they just stop replying. I don’t even know how woo a women, as I know if they are putting an effort I should give it back, but somehow back then I managed it flawlessly. I don’t even know how all this works, how to approach women, it’s not that I’m afraid of women, I have female friends and I hold up conversations with them for hours, even on a 1 on 1 basis, but it’s always on a friendly context. What I mean is, I can’t make a women find me attractive or reciprocate the effort made by someone, I don’t even know whether they find me attractive, I just don’t know how it works, and it kill’s me more often these days. What kind of professional help should I get for this, it’s already embarrassing enough to burry my self image down the gutter, being a 27 year old man. I feel useless when I wake up every morning. Just needed to vent. 