Subreddit: depression
Title: Slowly dying
Author: Otherwise_End_8228
Score: 0
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 14:30:24
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0f787/slowly_dying/

I am feeling a sense of shame even beginning to write this, because from the outside it probably looks like I have a flawless life and should absolutely not be in a position of complaining. I'm on my late 20s, fit, wealthy, have friends family that I am close with and even my own business which is going very well.

However, about 5 years ago I broke up with my ex and I have not had a single intimate encounter since. The end of the relationship was for the best, but I have not managed to connect with people on a romantic level since, which is stressing me out. It has left me feeling alienated, ugly, doubtful and at times I am utterly convinced that I will not and will never deserve ever being close to a partner again. Instead I have resorted to AI generated porn, both audio and imagery, perfectly attuned to my own preferences and I have tried to quit this several time, only to find myself back whenever a new major AI update is released or when I simply lose the self control to abstain.

I know that this is a contributing factor to my declining mental health. When I tried connecting to real people via dating apps it resulted in my self esteem being lowered even further and I wish now that I never even tried them at all. Before putting myself out there, at least I had the image of myself being a quite attractive and funny guy, but now the reality has left me more hopeless than ever.

Seeing friends and people around me loving each others as partners and even starting to create families together just gives me this immense sense of being left behind and feeling that I would never ever be able to see myself being worthy or capable of such things.

I don't really know the full picture of what is making me feel this way, but it feels like I could list an endless amount of different reasons to why I'm not feeling happy or like life carries meaning any more. I have found so many insecurities in myself in recent years. The ones above are the ones off the top of my head. I am so ashamed of not being proud of my own accomplishments or being grateful for all that the world, friends and family has given me.

This text is not particularly well put together, but I feel like it I want to get it out there.