Subreddit: depression
Title: I really want to hurt my parents
Author: Imaginary-Ad-322
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-15 04:43:42
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1pt83/i_really_want_to_hurt_my_parents/

Edit: This is just a diary. I don't have anyone to confine this to.

It's becoming clear that my SSRI has been the reason for my deep suffering. I was already somewhat depressed before the medication but 7 years of it fried my brain, my heart and my will to live. Permanent damage has been done. Things I thought depression was, was just the process of my pathways breaking apart(In my brain). I don't know how I will ever describe the hell I've suffered but I do know who put me on that medication and left me alone afterwards. It's not like they have bad intent, they are just so careless it bogs my brain. How can you put your teen child of 15 years into life to start a medication to feel better. It's not far from drugs you could find on the street. I came to them about shit like "Why do I feel insecure" and they sent me off to a psychologist. Like I want to hurt them with every fibre of my soul for keeping me in their house and telling me how I need to get better. They are so fucking non-shalant. I don't want to ruin my life only to hurt them badly, plus my grandma died last week so now isn't the time to reveal this hatred towards them. I will get over this, but I feel so alone right now. Like I just want someone to take some time of their day to truly look at me. I look like an ogre after these 7 years. My heart is so fragile, literally. I can't walk up the stairs without my heart and chest hurting. I'm pale and disgusting. My throat feels like a thorn has been jagged in there. But it's all leaving me now. There is hope even for someone as small as me in confidence. I will forgive them but I cannot live here one more year, at 24 years old I want to atleast have my own place. I will work hard for it. I've stayed alive until I've felt the worst I can ever imagine... Now it shouldn't be hard to stay for unimaginable happiness. Feel like I could cry like a baby, but that's kind of the problem, there is no one I want to cry to. I'm tired of crying for myself. I've learnt only one good thing from this, learn about what you put through your body. I used to be an alcoholic last year, snorted my anti smoking medicine(cheap man's cocaine), low-key pedophilic thoughts and desires(I'm struggling with forgiving myself for this), smoked weed, nicotine pouches and on 3 more medicine's other than SSRI. I had to remove every single one of them except nicotine to find out that SSRI was the villain. So I've gone through 5 withdrawals from long term substance abuse/medicationing, the 5th being the current, nicotine. I've quit porn and jerking off completely since 3 weeks I guess. I really don't know why I'm so damn certain I'm gonna be okay, but only time I've felt better is by doing this- quitting things that keeps me further from the truth. The truth being "What do I want" You don't know what you want under substances or addiction. Period. That's why we take it, obviously. I wished I chose "pain" instead of substances. It's what I do now and it's great. I enjoy the pain because now it feels useful.