Subreddit: aspergers
Title: AITA for not being able to properly defend my mother in an intensely stressful argument with my dad who hasn’t been around after she called him to tell him about my autism diagnosis? 
Author: Tiny_District6687
Score: 5
Created UTC: 2024-12-19 19:10:27
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/aspergers/comments/1hi0hx6/aita_for_not_being_able_to_properly_defend_my/

I have not seen my dad since I was 11 years old. He’s known for being a thug and a street guy, even follows Andrew Tate. Was always pretty mean. 

Me and my mom had agreed on calling him to inform him of my diagnosis just out of the blue to see his reaction. I was still really iffy about it but I ultimately agreed on it as well. 

It did not end well at all. For one my mom for some reason decided to call him under the influence which is a terrible idea considering how little control of her emotions she has when she drinks. She’s already a yeller when she’s upset so it’s worse when she drinks. 

But she calls him and tries to tell him and he starts saying tons of messed up things about me and essentially called me a loser bum and a feminine queer, and said that he would’ve preferred that I had been a thug criminal rather than some autistic weirdo idiot. 

And they both get into an extremely tense argument that would lead to my mom hanging up the phone.

I was then called into her room and she starts explaining the situation while yelling and being really emotional, I tried to be there for her but didn’t know how exactly. My dad was calling back, and texting, saying that he wanted to talk to me directly, telling her to stop hiding me from him. 

I tried to advise my mom to just let it go and hang up, don’t let this continue. She instead gives the phone to me, I’m not one to senselessly argue especially with people who’s opinions don’t matter so I just let him say whatever he was gonna say, which he proceeded to just go on about how I need to be more masculine and build more masculine energy and that I’m around women too much and it’s making me soft. 

He then asked me what was going on with me, I then just calmly explained my whole situation to him because I really could care less about this whole chaos. And he said he was able to better understand it because I was a lot calmer than my mother was. 

Then he starts going more into masculinity talk, and my mom just keeps yelling at me to defend her and don’t let him talk about her, which I did. I would say let’s just leave her out of this. But he just wouldn’t listen and keep talking over me. 

My mom kept making me go on mute so she could tell me what I should be responding to him with and it was just back and forth of me listening to the both of them. 

My mom was in tears from what he was saying, calling her a crazy drunk and all that so I eventually just played it off with him on the phone that I had to go talk to this girl on a video call in a bit so I was gonna go. And that’s how I got out of the situation. 

I tried to tell my mom that some people you can’t reason with no matter what you try. But she didn’t listen. People are gonna have their thoughts about you no matter what, doesn’t matter what kind of show you put on.

Anyways she now blames me and says that I could’ve said more to defend her but I was so overwhelmed by all the chaos. 

