Subreddit: Advice
Title: I'm not sure what to do anymore.
Author: MrGonarch
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 12:36:34
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/Advice/comments/1i0cza0/im_not_sure_what_to_do_anymore/

This is a bit of a weird one and I want to start off by saying a couple of things: I am 17 (I know, a bit young to be talking about some of these things) and I am not the greatest at english, even if it is my first language... With that out of the way, I'll start from the beginning. Growing up, my dad was and still is a god awful person. Im talking abusive, emotionally and physically. Because of this, I was always more attatched to my mom and spent loads more time with her. This is how it always and would be. I heard a lot of her "wisdoms" when I would spend time with her. One of those things was that, despite knowing my dad was bipolar and depression runs in that part of the family, that depression isn't real and all a person had to do was "choose happy." I'm being dead serious when I say that her solution to any of my problems was to tell me to choose being happy. It's a bit mental, thinking about it now. Well, anyway, that is what I did. I forced myself to be happy and any time that I felt otherwise, I bottled it up and hoped for the best. (I think my brother tried to do so as well, but he wasn't really able to hold it in for long. He's always been a very anxious person and I am sure he's got some form of depression too.) Because of all this bottling up, the emotions were going somewhere but I didn't know where. Well, then covid hit. It was a time of peak loneliness (we can all relate), but I just forced myself to be happy. It worked to a point, and I just pretended that I wasn't lonely or sad, and because I kept pretending, eventually it became true in my head that I was completely fine. A few more years passed, I had been back in school for a little and it was then that I had my first real girlfriend. The first few months were great. I'd say it was around the 8 month mark when things started going to shit.  It was around this time that she started being horrible to me, and for whatever reason, I decided I was the problem. I began doing things to try and make her happy, no matter what they were, and no matter the strain it put on me. God, let me tell you, it put one hell of a strain on me. I was pretty much destroying myself to make her happy. It was around this time and for the next few months that I started having "breakdowns." (I'm not sure what else to call them, and that word seems to make sense.) These would consist of me just having a moment of freezing time. I would sit, stare forward, and completely lose my mind. Everything would start drifting away and I'd feel so damn empty and lost, and it killed me. I couldn't bottle it up this time. Then, all of a sudden, things got better. My relationship got better, my life got better, and I thought that maybe I'd finally be okay. I couldn't have been more wrong. Within a week, she broke up with me and I was back at square one. The entire summer was filled with pure sadness. I didn't understand what I was feeling, but it reminded me of when I was at my worst, doing everything to make her feel better. The summef would, thankfully, quickly pass. I was back in school for my senior year. This first month I was back, I started to gain interest in this girl that I had talked to a bunch last year, but never thought that she might like me back. My friend (a really damn good one, he's helped me through a lot) encouraged me to ask her out to go watch the football game that was later that day, seeing as it would be less personal and less awkward if she didn't feel the same. Well, she accepted and we had a great time. We went on a few more dates after that, I stayed over at her house several times and things were great. Despite all this, I ran into one fatal mistake. I was so used to my last girlfriend that I somehow unconsciously rocked myself back into those old patterns, being slightly obsessive in the love department. I didn't mean to, but I was so used to having to do it. This put her off very quickly, and she broke things off. I haven't gotten the chance to speak to her since, and it fucking hurts. Well, since then, I have completely given up on the choosing happy thing. I was convinced that choosing happiness was always the solution, but as I got older I realized it was all a bunch of bullshit. These past several months have been hell. I don't know how or why but I've been happy and sad at the same time. Every happy moment goes back to being sad somehow, and it's always my fault. I don't know what to do with myself. I guess my real confession here is that I am depressed. I am sad. I can't choose to be happy anymore. I need help, but I can't get any. My mom would kill me if I wanted to go to therapy, she doesn't believe in it. If anyone out there can give me some sort of advice, I would greatly appreciate it. Thank you all in advance. 