Subreddit: TrueOffMyChest
Title: Self hatred peaked
Author: wuance_moore
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2024-12-18 21:21:29
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/1hhc4xe/self_hatred_peaked/

I don’t know what I’m doing with my life. Not sure what to do in my career next. I just lie in bed late at night thinking whether I’ve just wasted myself all these years. End up on impulsive purchases just for the short dopamine hit. Only thing going great in my life is the 9 to 5, got a promotion every year, compensation skyrocketing, but not sure where this leads to as career wise. Rest everything is fucked to its worst. My family is always a ticking time bomb ( thank god i don’t live with them anymore), but i have to show up every now and then for a week or two, and it feels emotionally drenching. Next week i have to go back and face the boiling pot back at home. I’ve never felt impending feeling of doom that I have to spend a week at home. I have to take some tough choices of the family that I wish I was never put in a position of. I just wish my father acted more like a father than a narcissistic self obsessed prick. For the last 3 years I have been fire fighting to keep everything sane in family, my dad won’t take responsibility of his actions, my brother has borderline personality disorder, mother is slightly bipolar, all this time I had to deal all this all by myself, I have not been dating anyone for eternity as hardly any luck in that, not a socially outgoing person, extremely introverted outside work, my self image  has faded away so far that I wake everyday and the first thought that comes to my mind is self hatred. 

I have the money to do random vacations  or international trips, but the thought of it is just demoralizing as I keep wondering whom do I go with? No girlfriend,  friends are not available or just can’t afford, family is too torn apart to partake, solo trip? I don’t know I might just end up crying in the hotel. So all I ended up doing this year is smoke an obscene amount of pot and play video games, watch every metal concert that the city has to offer (barely 5 this year), other than that all I’ve been is shut in this entire year, only 4 or 5 times I might have gone out for drinks with colleagues . I am very good at my job and my employer does acknowledge it would great pay! Other than that I just hate myself for not being able to social enough or just why of all things in my life, that I can never have a home to retreat back to. 

I’ve just been an entire shut in this year. And I just hate myself for being this way. Nothing is gratifying anymore in this life, I try to write music but only been successful in one, I constantly doubt myself whether I am capable of anything normal. 