Subreddit: stopdrinking
Title: What hobbies have you picked up to fill in the time since you've quit drinking?
Author: wediealone
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2024-12-16 12:58:06
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/1hfii81/what_hobbies_have_you_picked_up_to_fill_in_the/

Hello good people of /stopdrinking! I hope everyone has a fantastic morning/day/night.

I'm in a bit of a dilemma since going sober. It's only been a few days but I've been BORED. I was never a day drinker, only once the clock struck 6pm, so from that point onwards I feel so bored I get agitated and like I'm crawling out of my skin, chain-smoking, eating garbage food, and taking like 4 showers before I pop my sleeping meds early and just head to bed at 9 because I'm too bored to stay awake and do shit. I really want to fill up this time with stuff to do so I'm not tempted to drink. Something fun! And not boring like dozing off in front of the tv with a drink in my hand. 

I have depression, so things are kinda hard for me right now. I find it difficult to focus on shows and movies, even though my lovely friends sent me a laundry list of things I could watch while I delve into this sobriety thing. I also have anxiety, so not being "good" at something frustrates me. But I want to try anyways, even if I fail. I'm not a big sports gal, but I do like creative things like writing, painting, knitting. I used to be a cross country runner before my drinking career, but now I mostly go on walks. I love music and love discovering new music to listen to. I love to read, but again this has proven to be a challenge since my mind wanders so much I find it hard to concentrate. So books that are lighter on the brain would be good right how, but unfortunately all the books on my bookshelf are leftovers from my English degree and there's no way I could muster up the strength to read War and Peace or Ulysses right now. 

Any simple things I can do to combat the nighttime boredom? Doesn't help that here in Canada, it's cold and dark at 5pm. I'm sure it gets easier, but boredom is my biggest trigger since I want that sweet sweet dopamine NOW to have something to DO but I know drinking is going to make it worse. And I just need some things to do so I'm not thinking about booze all the time. To push these cravings out of my mind so I'm not picking up my usual drink once evening rolls around. 

Any suggestions would be helpful - thank you so much!!