Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Cancer/single during reproductive years (40s)
Author: Available-Sound1380
Score: 13
Created UTC: 2024-12-24 20:10:07
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hllhap/cancersingle_during_reproductive_years_40s/

Hey, single lady age early 40's flying solo in my Tamoxifen era. Just looking for connection.

Holidays stir up the worst triggers and emotions for me and make me feel so fucking alone. My bio family did nothing to help during surgery, radiation, or the start up of Tamoxifen.

I'm single and don't want to be(after trying to date for 10 years in this intense, very Type A city). I recently started chatting with a guy I met Online, and it completely flipped how I see kids...for the first time in my life, after having grown up with a mentally ill father in an unhappy marriage to my mom. I haven't gotten to meet the new guy yet in person (although we have talked on the phone and video chatted) because we live several hours away, which I don't mind bcuz dating in my city is torturous.

I never understood, because I grew up in trauma, why anyone would want children or to be married, even.

After talking with this new guy, I understood why people would want to have children. This man is calm. But of course, fucking I had fucking cancer! Tamoxifen!!! HORMONAL positive cancer, meaning pregnancy is more complicated now, and I'm ALREADY early 40s.

Of course, this man wants children, but we are of a different religion, which is already a dealbreaker to him. I don't even know if we will get to meet because of this; and he knows of my cancer history and Tamoxifen... so the posion I get to choose is meet him and enjoy it while it lasts, knowing he will be moving on to marry the woman of his dreams he will Inevitably meet someday, and have children with. He's a man too, so he has all the time in the world to meet his dream woman and procreate when his career is perfectly fine tuned to his liking... I have about 1-2 years, if I am lucky to get pregnant (which I almost never am lucky). Just another thing fucking cancer stole, including all my money.

I need a catharsis (per my counselor which Yeah I have a counselor) but nope, just sitting on my couch feeling depressed and alone bcuz I am alone.

I feel like I'll just be alone forever... I can't take it anymore. I may even move to a new city where dating prospects could be better and people are less career focused (currently based in a major city Northeastern United States- if you know you KNOW).

Merry fucking Christmas... I HATE YOU, Cancer.