Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Shit morning 
Author: ooooh-shiny
Score: 10
Created UTC: 2024-12-06 22:37:22
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1h8dsf3/shit_morning/

Surprise! I had to choose (on two hours of sleep) between entering a clinical trial with the possibility of receiving a surgery that could cure my lymphoedema, and having adjuvant radiotherapy to further reduce my risk of reccurence. I couldn't do both, purely for scheduling reasons over the Christmas period meaning that my treatment wouldn't be over (a prerequisite for the trial) until one week after I would become ineligible to join the trial. 

It's such an important decision, but I don't have the information I would need to make the "right" one. I know I have all of these risk factors (TNBC, grade 3, BRCA1+, age 29 at dx, LVI+ and PNI+, macrometastatic lymph node involvement, Ki 67 >90%) but I've also had one mastectomy with another planned, an axillary node clearance, six months of chemotherapy, and I'm going on olaparib, each of which significantly cuts my risk and in some cases might nullify the danger (BRCA1 makes recurrence more likely but is more treatable, and the same for a high Ki 67), but obviously, the interaction between risk factors and risk-reducing treatments is a crapshoot for all of us, and the psychological burden of that is particularly acute for those who go through this with a significantly uncertain prognosis. There are percentages involved, but this isn't a maths problem, it's a gamble. Stage 2b TNBC at this time in history is between being highly likely to be fucked and highly likely to be fine.

I also know I have early-stage lymphoedema, but not whether or how long it would take to become seriously problematic, not whether I would be chosen by the computer to have the surgery, and not whether the surgery would work, although the data looks promising.

Either of these treatments could prove to be ineffective, unnecessary, or damaging, but there's a window of time before it would be too late to treat either of the conditions they might otherwise help. 

I went with the radiation because it was clearly what my medical team wanted me to do, but I don't know if I made the right choice. There was a lot of crying.

I'm lucky to be offered all of this treatment for free, and not to be in a position of already knowing I'm going to die, or be permanently physically disabled, but it's hard to find out that partly for bureaucratic and not medical reasons, I might have to deal with the serious consequences of guessing wrong.

Cancer choices aren't really choices, are they? 