Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Post treatment thoughts
Author: burst-beat
Score: 87
Created UTC: 2024-12-30 02:36:46
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hpcw6a/post_treatment_thoughts/

So many posts and comments here have helped me on my journey and I cannot thank you all enough for the direct and indirect support this sub has provided to me. But still: thank you, thank you, thank you!

I wanted to make this post for the newcomers here who are going through all of the anxiety and terror I felt at the beginning of my journey. All of our journeys will be different, but Tldr; YOU CAN DO THIS. I promise. Allow me to explain...

Some background: I was diagnosed with +++ breast cancer last year at 32yo. My tumor was 7cm and stage 3 by the time I got it biopsied, which was approximately four months after finding a strangely growing, shrinking, and shifting lump. I went through 6 rounds of chemo across 18 weeks, got a single mastectomy, and I'm currently in week 4 out of 6.5 weeks of radiation. My margins were clear and only 2 out of 14 removed lymph nodes were still positive, hence the radiation to make absolutely sure. Also, I live alone and hours away from family, but with 4 affectionate animals and friends who did not take "no thank you" for an answer.

I was terrified of losing my hair during chemo. I loved my hair, I currently still miss my hair. I mentally salivate whenever I see pictures of myself with my long blonde hair. I couldn't afford to cold cap so I had to accept things as they were. My oncology office offered me a free (very well made!) wig and also gave me resources to other local places that may offer the same. I was excited for the variety prospects. I only ended up buying one other wig (I made too much money to apply for the free wigs, though my debt disagrees lol) and my hair is finally growing back four months post-chemo. I am still on immunotherapy which can have some hair loss, so I assume it's more of hair slow-growth in my case. The silver lining here is that I have always been prone to wanting to cut my hair during deep depression, but now I get to play with shorter styles while not giving into those demons haha. Another one: I didn't have to shave for MONTHS. I'm a little angry at my leg hair right now. I was lucky enough to keep my eyebrows and eyelashes, which I appreciate since I've never learned how to draw on eyebrows. All of the lost hair will come back and I'll be back to my blonde self once again. Until then, I'm constantly rubbing my fuzzy head since its currently at that satisfying length of softness.

I was terrified to get my mastectomy. Just like my hair, I loved my girls. Especially after chemo melted my tumor down to nothing, I hoped I could salvage the problem child (good ol' lefty). I've had C+ sized girls since I was a tiny 12yo and once I was an adult and grew to love my body more, I showed them off. I was heartbroken when I learned that I'd have to chop one off. I thought I would be so insecure, so depressed, so lost afterwards. I didn't even think about the physical pain because I thought I'd miss my breast so much. And I sort of do, but it isn't as hard as I thought it would be to accept. First, my surgeon did an amazing job and I healed right on cue and with no issues. The entire area was numb, which was weird, but that also meant I didn't feel any itchyness or discomfort outside of standard surgery pains. I wore a binder for 2-3 weeks after the surgery and that deeply helped with any sort of body image problems I thought I'd have. The drains sucked. They're gross. But they've been out for weeks by now and I can't be happier. I also constantly wear a mastectomy bra + prosthetic so whenever I look down or lay on my stomach, it feels as normal as it can. I am also one of those demons who wears bras even when I go to bed so that probably helps too lol. I'm planning on getting reconstructive surgery next year and I'm so excited. My cousins and I have been talking about how good my girls are going to look in my later years; always perky, never saggy, etc. My surgeon explained that the remaining breast will get a little lift so that the girls will match, which doubles my excitement (ba dum tsh).

Chemo itself was rough. I'm still dealing with the digestive issues it caused. I lost 1/4 of my body weight (though I was fairly unhealthy before and I definitely could afford to lose it). But now that it's behind me, all of the other treatments are a breeze. My radiated skin is starting to get red and angry but it's nothing in comparison. I will honestly do anything to avoid ever having to do chemo again, but it did it's job and got me to this point on my journey. I was able to utilize paid time medical leave and rest 100% of the time I was on chemo, which I absolutely needed. I had friends dropping off gut-health snacks and meds whenever I asked. I occasionally DoorDashed the weird and random assortment of snacks I could keep down (grapes, pickles, and ginger ale all day). I still get randomly nauseous, my toilet is still occasionally violated, but it's all getting better and better. I'm also able to bring up ANY issue to my medical team and they'll support me in any way that I need, though it's usually a slight shift in meds.

My federal student loans were paused, my credit card payments were dropped as low as possible, and I've been able to utilize free cleanings through the American Cancer Society's "Cleaning for a Cause". There's also many other options for assistance, including groceries and pickup/drop off services. I feel so lucky to be as supported as I feel but these are not rare occurrences! If you reach out, they will come!

I'm almost at the end of my journey to remission and I'm so happy. I remembered how scared I was, how many unanswered questions I had, how many times I broke down over these fears and anxieties. So I just wanted to make this post to share how things work out. Even in ways I didn't expect, they work out. I'm back to work full time, I'm going through physical therapy for lymphedema prevention and my physical therapist is absolutely lovely. She's giving me "weight training for after breast cancer" workouts and I am so excited to start. Admittedly, I'm pretty impatient, so forcing myself to take things slow for the last eight months of varying treatments has been a challenge. But it's worth it. Am I tired of every new nurse and doctor telling me how strong I am and how theyre praying for me? Oh yes. But I know it comes from a caring place and I expect it's something I'll have to deal with for the rest of my life lol.

My treatment isn't DONE done but I faced all of my fears and I came out stronger for it. We shouldn't have to go through these trials and tribulations, but we can and we will. My doctor told me "I'm sure you're going to be fine, but we're going to have to run the marathon to get there." And we did. So will you ❤️