Subreddit: AITAH
Title: AITAH for feeling bullied by a family member, but choosing the wrong time to finally stick up for myself, and apparently single-handedly ruining Christmas for everyone?
Author: Mazdessa
Score: 4
Created UTC: 2024-12-28 19:48:24
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AITAH/comments/1hodm31/aitah_for_feeling_bullied_by_a_family_member_but/

TL;DR - I felt bullied by some family members, and - for once - tried to stick up for myself, but it was bad timing, and I essentially ruined Christmas. 

Ok, I apologize for the outrageously long post (Details! It's all in the details!). Feel free to scroll on by if you're not up to it, but I'm REALLY struggling right now, and could use some feedback. Could really benefit from some insight from the outside, so to speak. So, I hope I'm able to post this here without any issues. 

So, my mother and I have had a tumultmuous relationship most of my life. She's basically a covert narcissist who has been extremely emotionally abusive, but part of the problem is that she IS so covert about it. It's all under the radar. Everyone puts her on a pedestal. I had only one sibling, a brother, but he passed away some years ago. I KNOW that if he was still around, things would be different. I know this - and so does she. She thrives on the fact that I'm alone, in every sense of the word.

Historically, she's been especially triggered any time I've been sick, or something bad happens in my life, like when my dog died, she gets triggered because she's not the victim, so she punishes me in her own way, usually in the form of humiliation. She will do something to,  one way or another, make me feel humiliated as if to tell me, "you're not going to get away with this," - meaning being the victim/getting attention.

I'm not kidding. This is literally how she behaves, and it's extremely difficult to talk about because who's going to believe this shit? 

Anyway, given that history, you could imagine the fear inside me when I was diagnosed with breast cancer last October. ESPECIALLY since she had a bout with BC herself, but I had a much more aggressive subtype. I was sooooooo nervous, because in terms of health issues, it does not get much worse than that, so I was terrified not only for what was to come as far as treatment, but how was I going to be punished for THIS??

So, in the beginning, when I was just getting the biopsy done, etc, I confided in my cousin, who is close in age (late 40's f). Though, we aren't very close as she lives a bit of a distance from me, and was actually living overseas for a few years, but we did grow up together, so I kind of put some blind faith in her. I say this because when she first moved back here, I was SO excited that someone from my own generation was going to be around again. I was really hoping we could have some form of a relationship. However, the first time I saw her when she got back, she didn't even say "How are you!?" She didn't say, "I missed you!" She didn't even say, "Hi!" The very first words out of her mouth were, "Omg, you're so skinny."

I had autoimmune issues already, prior to the cancer diagnosis, and it did cause me to lose quite a bit of weight. Unfortunately, that was something she always struggled with, so, now this one is triggered, too. We had a family get together that day, and everyone brought a dish. Later that day, we were eating, I asked her if she knew if there was bacon in a particular dish because at the time I was vegetarian, and had been for over a decade. She said, "No, I don't think so. No bacon in there." 

Well, yes, there actually was some in there. Could have been an innocent mistake, but then I find out that it was actually HER salad. She's the one who made it, so clearly she knew it was in there, and that was an intentional set up. I couldn't really believe, that all that was happening by her returning to the area, was now I had TWO of them to deal with. 

Anyway, with the cancer situation, it was really tough for me trying to figure out how to handle the whole thing, being deathly afraid to tell my mother, not having anyone else I could turn to, so I ended up putting differences aside, and turning to my cousin, hoping she was capable of putting her big girl pants on and acting like an adult when it really mattered. 

At first, things seemed OK. She sat with me to tell my mother. Mother, who basically said nothing until the next day, of course decided to go into "supermom" mode trying to make herself look good. Whatever, as long as she wasn't humiliating me I really didn't care. Had bigger issues. 

(Supermom mode didn't last BTW, major shit went down with my mother and the actual cancer center I go to. Yes, it was unbelievably humiliating. I was so stressed over it, I couldn't eat for two days, tried to take a shower, ended up passing out and hitting my head. No, it didn't knock any sense into me, unfortunately).

So, things started out OK with my cousin. Then the holidays rolled around, and I figured out how to find a proper wig, and pull myself together enough to feel somewhat comfortable around everyone, but I could see the contempt on my cousin's face when she showed up and didn't see me as the bald, sickly looking cancer patient that she expected. The attitude quickly returned. 

Side note, I had a double mastectomy in April, and was having some issues with recovery, and episodes of passing out, etc, so I ended up staying at my parents' house. I was only going to go for 3 days. Never wanted to go at all, but with the complications I was having, I felt safer around other people, and ended up just staying there. I had my dog there, we were only 5 minutes from my actual house, I just never went back home. 🤷‍♀️ lol 

Thanksgiving this year was particularly difficult, though, as my step-dad had been in and out of the hospital the days leading up to Thanksgiving. This meant, not only was I very, very concerned and stressed about his health and well-being, but I took on most of the house and prep work for Thanksgiving because my mother was busy at times with my steo-dad at the hospital, and their house is the usual gathering place on holidays. I had had very little to no sleep for at least 2 or 3 days leading up to that day, and because of all that was going on, my mother was also tired and stressed  - which meant she was flinging that ol' attitude of hers around, and up to her old tricks in trying to somehow make me uncomfortable and make my life difficult. Like, if she's not happy, she's going to make sure no one else is happy either. 

So, cousin comes over T-Day, doesn't have her boyfriend with her - for once, just her kid - 15 yr old daughter. I thought, whew, no boyfriend, she'll probably be nice to me tonight. Wrong. It was scathing looks, condescending comments, trying to humiliate me by bringing up my (lack of) hair in front of everyone (I was not humiliated, BTW, because I am pretty open about it all - but she sure did try, and then at one point they were talking about something she did as a child that she was embarrassed about, and she blurts out, "are you sure you're not talking about Jason!?" - yeah, she brought up my brother (not real name), and was trying to place blame on someone for something really gross and embarrassing who was clearly not there to even defend himself - because he died!? And she repeated it over and over, "are you sure it wasn't Jason you're talking about??" I did jump in their convo and said, no, he never did any of that, so it's not even a question, but she still said it again, at least 2 or 3 more times. She was REALLY trying to get to me. 

My dumb ass, however, was so freaking tired from everything that had been going on, while also having just had surgery a week ago to have a radiation wound removed that wouldn't heal - then realizing the surgery wouldn't heal. I just wasn't with it, and it kind of went right over my head just how hard she was trying to get to me! 🙄

Until, after everything was said and done, she gave everyone a hug and kiss good-bye, looked directly at me, and just walked out the door. No mushy goodbye like everyone else. No good bye at all, just a dirty look. 

Sorry, I know this post is long - I'm trying to wrap it up!! So, I put all the pieces together afterwards, and realized all the intentional things she did to try to get to me, and the more I thought about it, I got quite upset. Christmas rolls around. Last Christmas she didn't even show up because she was arguing with her bf or some dumb shit, and his b-day is Christmas eve, so they couldn't come over that night this year, which is the actual night that everyone else came over. Except her mother/my aunt who came to spend the night Christmas Eve. 

Cousin shows up Christmas Day. I had had appts with 6 different Dr's each week for at least 3 weeks leading up to Christmas. My surgery still not healing. Got news they found tumor DNA in my bloodstream again, I had been running ragged driving around day after day, and getting poked and prodded, and feeling beat the hell up by all the Dr visits - where, I swear, NOTHING ever goes right! I had a NIGHTMARE procedure done that week - ERCP (I think?) where they stick the camera thing down your throat all the way down to look at stomach, gull bladder, liver, then take biopsies, and leave stents in there - that I now have to go back and get removed - but the entire ordeal was absolute hell that day, a lot of issues at the medical center starting at 6:15 am, before i even left the house, when they called and said evidently someone switched my appt from 7:00 am to 6:00, so I should have been there already, but nobody actually informed me of that. Then I rush there, only to sit and wait fir over an hour and a half because they hadn't even gotten approval from my insurance yet!? You get the idea. Sorry, yes, I'm just bitching. 

I digress, point being - I was a freakin mess, and I had been chomping at the bit waiting for the cousin to arrive because I planned on telling her that I just wasn't going to put up with the attitude and all the passive-aggressive jabs she'd been pulling lately. And, so, that is what I did. It was awful timing, I admit. They had only been there a few minutes, but I had told her prior to that day that I wanted to talk to her. I saw the opportunity when she wasn't engaged with anyone else, so I pulled her aside, and said just that, that I see the attitude she's having with me, I don't appreciate it, and I'm really not going to put up with it. 

And - BAM - she freakin LOST IT! IMMEDIATELY gaslighting. What the hell am I talking about? That's not true! She did no such thing! She then storms down the hallway teary eyed to tell our mothers that I'm a big meanie, and SUCCESSFULLY somehow turns herself into the victim!? Her mom starts jumping down my throat telling me I'm wrong! I said, for what? Sticking up for myself? She said, no, because what I was saying wasn't even true and the cousin never actually did those things! Ma'am, cough cough, wtactualf?? She said, "Prove it," and I brought up the bacon incident. I finally have this moment when the cousin could potentially, actually be held accountable for that bull shit, and what happens? MY mother jumps in and yells at me - don't bring up the past!!!! omg...

Cousin gets her boyfriend and kid screaming down the hall, "we're leaving!" She bulldozes out the front door yelling at me at the top her lungs, "You have mental problems! You are mentally ill! You have mental problems!" 

Good God I wish I was making this up. As I go to walk away, my aunt gets up in my face again. Again, tells me I'm wrong, and literally - literally - tells me to go to my room! Go to my room - now! 😆 Man, I'm in my 40's, and this lady is going to tell me to go to my room!? And not even in her own house? Nah ...

Keep in mind, I still have not even said a word since I brought up the bacon and was shut down by my own mother - meaning, I'm not throwing a tantrum, not yelling at anyone, not causing a scene, not calling anyone any names, just kind of standing there, dumbfounded at the absurdity of what was taking place before me, but at this point, I had had it. I threw a bunch of stuff in some ripped up grocery bags, grabbed my little doggo, and I finally just took my ass home. 

So, because it was a spur of the moment decision, I was not really prepared to come back home, really, as in, there was no food, I hadn't eaten anything since early the day before, thank goodness there were a couple small things of dog food, but cable and wifi were turned off, it was pretty chilly out, and I have no heat, and that is how I spent my Christmas. Alone. Cold. Hungry. Broken. Saddened. Still a cancer patient with a surgical wound that won't heal, and fatigue from my most recent immunotherapy treatment which was two days before Christmas, and not one of them called or even just texted to see how I was doing, if I was OK. I mean, I'm not really surprised, but it still bothered me a bit. 

Now, I do admit my timing was way off. I really jumped the gun, and should have waited. I think I just saw the moment, and was afraid if I didn't take it then, that I might lose the opportunity, but holy shit - I think that reaction was waaaaay over the top?? And, so, of course, it's all my fault. Everyone is blaming me for ruining Christmas. My aunt was finally going to spend a holiday with her daughter (after her not even showing up last year), and cousin's daughter did not need to witness all that going down, yada yada yada. Well, I agree! I think my aunt should have been able to spend the holiday with her daughter, and no, the cousin's daughter absolutely should not have had to witness any of that, but what did she actually witness? Her mother storming around the house flinging insults, and her grandmother yelling at me at the same time, while I just stood silently in awe of what the hell was actually happening. 

I went by there to get more stuff, and it did not go well. No time was wasted in trying to get rid of any sign of me, the bed was stripped, and my things were all packed abd stacked by the door. lol I have to make multiple trips, though, because o can only fit so much in my car, and I'm also not supposed to be carrying and/or lifting anything because of the surgical incision that is having trouble healing because its where my skin was radiated. I just got the last of the stitches out today, and if I do too much, I run the risk of it popping open, which is what happened before that led to the surgery in the first place, a radiation wound appeared after I finished all the treatments, but it would not close. 

Gah, sidetracked, sorry, but just saying that I'm kind of forced to have to make multiple, multiple trips, but, so, back at the house, it didn't go well. At one point, I went to put a few things in my car, and my mother shut the garage door on me, basically trying to lock me out of the house. I used the door code to get back in, grabbed a few more things, and on my way out, apologized to my step-dad for the roll I did play in the whole fiasco. 

Ugh, but, am I the asshole?

