Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: SO many things, but mostly mastectomy wonderings
Author: SpiritedBluejay157
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2024-12-11 05:21:22
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hbmdl3/so_many_things_but_mostly_mastectomy_wonderings/

MRI results: IDC ++ -, grade 1-2, 3.6 cm tumor in the right breast. Nothing in the left. Nothing that they can see in the lymph nodes. Today, for the first time, I met with the genetic counselor, met with surgeon and oncologist. Surgeon is calling Stage II, because of the size of the tumor. 

Recommendations so far: 
bilateral mastectomy (pending genetic testing—if found positive for anything, then DMX), followed by chemo and then estrogen blockers and whatevs for years (blah, blah, blah, not thinking about that now). I knew all of this was coming but was still bowled over by it all. For whatever reason, I imagined I’d be considering lumpectomy v. mastectomy. Nope. Quite convinced now I’ll be getting at least one mastectomy (size of the tumor, no radiation, recurrence). But that was hard to wrap my head around. Shit got real, fast. Well, shit is approaching real… Still feeling a lot numb. They also made me an appointment with the plastic surgeon for Jan. 3. 

At this moment, I am preoccupied with the following: the surgeon stated I’d be a good candidate for immediate reconstruction using implants. She seemed to assume that is what I would want. I couldn’t do anything else but nod along, but in a corner of my mind, l kept thinking, I do not want implants—and am I crazy or don’t people choose to be flat? I poked around this sub and found that there are indeed many many who do, with no regrets. I don’t love the idea of the asymmetry of a UMX—flat on one side. The more I ponder it, the more I can imagine coming to peace with a DMX and going flat. I am 46, tall, narrow-ish hips, 34C-ish and I think I could rock a flat bod. From what I can tell, the surgery without reconstruction is simpler, recovery is faster—also huge draws. 

I really liked the surgeon and oncologist. I am wondering if they didn’t discuss the options other than reconstruction so as not to overwhelm me in the first visit—save it for the plastic surgeon meeting? Is it common for the surgeons to assume and push for reconstruction? Is there something I’m missing about having the good fortune of being able to do direct to implants or something? I want to ask about other options and gage support. 
Has anyone been in a similar boat? Anyone been offered a UMX and chose to do a BMX partly for aesthetic reasons? 
* I noticed that I mixed up my terms in my original post— I meant to as about being recommended for a single mastectomy a choosing a double. 