Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Guys am I over reacting?- AITAH for not letting ppl come drop of gifts?
Author: Elegant-Cricket8106
Score: 37
Created UTC: 2024-12-18 13:46:53
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hh1x33/guys_am_i_over_reacting_aitah_for_not_letting_ppl/

Hey all

I need some prespective- I see my SO for a consult in a few hours so my anxiety is a little high. 

I have my last chemo on Friday, I am on my AC + Immuno round. NGL it's been a rough one, I've had bone pain and joint swelling from the filgrastim and pegfilgrastim injections I get. It doesn't really go away until a few days before my next round 

Its my sons 1st bday today and obvious Xmas next week (2nd xmas, but first that counts in my head). And the nausea  and fatigue with this seem to last about 6-7 days.

I have said no to almost everything, except my parents and my brother coming over. My mom stays with me for 3-4 days to help out post chemo bc of fatigue and my husband works so she is here. My aunt organized a dinner for the 27th id love to go but my counts drop and I don't want to take a chance before surgery.

My husbands family, randomly yesterday start asking if they can come drop of presents. Like almost 4 different sets of ppl. I don't want to risk getting sick this close to my last round and I don't want my son exposed either. I've had to say no to my husband, who is really good at saying no anyways. But my MIL rather than sending his gift directly to us (she has our address) sent it to her sister's.. who now has to come drop it off- its an Amazon present. And she's guilt tripping my husband to let his aunt come... she just flew on a plane 2 days ago after coming from 2 weeks of large gatherings....  

My MIL has been terrible since I got pregnant last year and it's getting worse  after I got diagnosed. There was alot of boundaries crossed and we are now LC. It feels veery intentional, because my parents are coming....but the take my kid for a few hours every other wknd and like mentioned my mom drops everything whenever we need to help us out. They have cut out all gatherings or if they do see ppl they stay away for atleast 5 days.  My dad has taken my diagnosis really hard. 

I dunno I'm already upset bc its his 1st bday and we can't celebrate the way I wanted... and the rest of this seems almost organized to make me feel worse. Like why do you need to come TODAY? They had weeks to plan..my extended family half dropped off gifts weeks ago in bw treatments and other half is waiting until after Xmas to come... but his mom is making a fuss still. She tried to convince me to bend my rules in August when I was just one treatment in. She wanted to go to a family wedding... I ended up taking my child, and dog to go stay with my parents to get away from the drama and the passive aggressive comments, sometimes behind my back to my husband. I had offered this solution weeks in advance to my husband he was really hesitant and didn't want me to go.. but it became apparent with his mom it was the best solution. And obv it's my parents I grew up at this home so it was fine for me.

For the most part mt husbands family is great, we all get along. I just feel like crap for being the reason he says no.. he was really frustrated with his mother too but he didn't come out and say it was intentional. But heavily implied it which right pissed me off... 

Its not about the gift. Our kid has everything and he's 1 he's more happy playing with a spoon than toys... its just the bombardment of ppl all of a sudden. Like should I just say yes? It feels so forced and literally have 1 more round (I'm not done as I'm TNBC still have surgery and Rads).

Ugh anwyas rant over, sorry this is hard to post anywhere else and I don't want to bash my husband or his fam to my friends..