Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: TNBC RCB3. Please help! 
Author: Sweaty_Analyst_2218
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-08 17:14:45
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hwpc4n/tnbc_rcb3_please_help/

I really hope everyone is doing well. 

I was diagnosed TNBC at 33y this past May. I underwent the Keynote 522 protocol. Went through the works I.e., constant fevers on taxol etc. I made it through AC with a slight dose reduction. However, from the moment I started AC I felt a node in my chest getting larger but my MO wasn’t worried and dismissed it saying many things can cause lymph nodes to grow. He said the problem is in not finishing the treatment plan. Fast forward to post treatment MRI and they said “there was tremendous improvement to my Multi-focal disease”. Fast fast forward to post surgery pathology and they’re saying I have had a “poor response to chemo.” That node grew and was 35mm but no extracapsular invasion and negative sentinel lymph nodes, no LVI either. Breast tumors showed treatment response but residual burden of 3. I am gutted, scared, devastated and sad. My MO’s PA-C thinks my BRCA mutation gave me a mean cancer. I have expander placement surgery next, then radiation one month later and then Olaparib one month after radiation has ended. I am scared of things growing during this waiting. I also have another PET scan soon. I am also terrified of that. They said with RCB3 they worry more about metastasis but that doesn’t always happen. Is life still worth living? I have scoured the web, all the survivors I’ve seen are either pCR or RCB I/II. I really hope all the RCB3 are still living. I can’t believe my body betrayed me by not responding to treatment. I don’t even know if the immunotherapy did anything for me but I have to continue taking it since “that’s the protocol”. Looking to get into the DATO clinical trial but they may be done recruiting, I dunno. I just want to live and do good in the world. I am getting my graduate degree in liver pathobiology and thought I was headed somewhere great. Now I just have to hope in God. I’d really appreciate your thoughts. 