Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: I had delirium after my SMX with immediate DIEP flap reconstruction surgery. It was the scariest 4-5 days of my life.
Author: kuchikirissa
Score: 31
Created UTC: 2025-01-07 06:10:57
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hvl2yk/i_had_delirium_after_my_smx_with_immediate_diep/

I wasn’t able to talk about it before as I wasn’t sure exactly what happened. You know those people’s near-death experience about being in a tunnel, seeing light? I experienced it (although I wasn’t actually in critical condition, just delirious). I had hallucinations and saw/heard of nurses killing me with lethal injections. I had grim reapers working as hospital staff trying to send me off to the afterlife and asked me if I want to live or die. I had moments of lucidity at first but it got worse and I totally did not remember what happened on days 4-5. 

My doctor said I had ICU syndrome but he didn’t seem to know how to treat it. He said I’ll feel better once I move to a general ward with sunlight and window (I didn’t - I got worse). He thought I was depressed and got in a psychiatrist to assess me (nope his diagnosis was that I didn’t have depression. I was delirious when he was talking to me thinking he was a grim reaper and I was trying to convince him that I love my life and wasn’t ready to die yet lol.) I was aggressive and uncooperative because I was fearful and fighting as I was trapped in the delirious nightmare. The hospital nurses and staff absolutely did not know how to handle me. I do believe that their incompetence and horrid attitude added more stress to my already weakened body and exacerbated my delirium. I also think that my body may be not reacting well to the painkillers. I was trying to tell the doctor that I felt funny after they gave me the medication injection but I kept getting dismissed by them. I came out of the delirium on day 6 only to find the doctors and nurses treating me like a crazy b*tch throwing unreasonable tantrums, which made me feel very, very wronged. 

I was very traumatised by the whole experience and just wanted to make sense of what happened. The medical team never gave me a proper explanation and said if I don’t remember what happened, then nevermind. It was only 6 months later that I could bring myself to google and find articles explaining the delirium and symptoms, that I understand that my condition is not that unusual.

Sorry for the long post. I feel like I need to get this off my chest lest I get PTSD about the surgery years down the road. Other than delirium, my recovery was actually pretty uneventful and without any further complications.