Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Chemo done, PET scans clear, now which surgery should I go for?
Author: oothi_may
Score: 6
Created UTC: 2024-12-19 12:52:27
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hhs89d/chemo_done_pet_scans_clear_now_which_surgery/

I’m a 27F diagnosed with Stage 2B multifocal TNBC with lymph node involvement. In July, I found two breast lumps while breastfeeding which were initially diagnosed to be fibroadenomas. Further ultrasounds showed BIRADS 4, and required a core biopsy. I freaked out because of how painful core biopsies are (mom's traumatic experience being a factor) and went to another doctor. She suggested a lumpectomy. Back then I wasn't aware of neo-adjuvant chemotherapy and I thought I was getting rid of the lumps, if at all they were malignant. Turns out there were cancerous tumors within lactating adenomas. A PET scan showed cancer in a few axillary lymph nodes, so my MO decided on 4 cycles of AC and 4 cycles of Paclitaxel/Carboplatin (refused Keytruda due to personal reasons).

After chemo, a follow-up PET scan showed no evidence of disease in my breast or lymph nodes. My oncologist has given me two options:

1. Modified radical mastectomy with lymph node dissection, followed by lymph node radiation.

2. Lymph node dissection with re-excision for clear margins, followed by breast and lymph node radiation.

He highlighted factors like my BRCA1+ gene, my age, my cancer type (TNBC), and tumor multifocality, which increase local recurrence risk and make mastectomy a safer option. However, he also mentioned that nowadays lumpectomy with radiation has similar survival rates, too.

I prefer avoiding mastectomy because it's invasive and a major decision but I want to make an informed choice. I’m aware that inspite of my clear PET scan reports, there could be a chance of stray cancer cells being present in my breast/nodes (which idk if radiation could take care of) and I also am not sure how my lumps would have responded to the chemo since they were removed beforehand. 

I am meeting my surgeon tomorrow (the one who had done my lumpectomy) and the surgical oncologist whom I've chosen to perform my upcoming surgery. I need advice on which procedure to go for, and what questions I should ask these doctors to take the best possible decision. 

Any suggestions would be appreciated!

 