Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Nerve Pain - two discoveries
Author: ApprehensiveSwing932
Score: 17
Created UTC: 2024-12-27 21:02:53
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hnovgy/nerve_pain_two_discoveries/

First, a big thanks to all who have previously posted regarding nerve pain.  And really all of you who have contributed to this incredible resource.  Y'all have kept me sane these last few weeks since my diagnosis.  Lots of good help when I was trying to figure out what was going on and how to deal with it.  

I am now 2 weeks post lumpectomy and sentinal node surgery, and those first few days of dealing with the pain from the sentinal node incision was nuts.  Until I figured out it wasn't the incision at all, as the pain was showing up away from the incision, into the middle of my armpit and continuing on to the inner part of my bicep.  Once I read some of the posts here, I realized these were 'false alarms' due to the nerves being cut / damaged.  Suggestions in some of the threads here around lidocaine patches etc were quite helpful, and I want to pass along two discoveries of my own:

  
First discovery:  after the first two showers had me in tears, I discovered that if I gently run my fingers over the completely healthy skin of my armpit and up into the inner bicep, I could tolerate the water flowing over the sentinal incision.  That activity seemed to give those nerves something else to deal with and completely shut down the false alarms.

  
Second discovery:  Using that knowledge, my husband suggested I try using something to disrupt those signals a little more consistently.  When he had his knee surgery he bought a full-length compression leg with some kind of special fibers that use body heat to activate and help with healing, inflammation, etc.  While I didn't have any inflammation or even healing needed in that healthy skin of my arm, I pulled the calf end of one of those legs up my arm to cover my bicep, staying away from the armpit and incision.  Yes, I had a lot of the thigh end flapping around my wrist, but I just rolled it up into a big cuff.  And -- the false alarms stopped entirely!  Note: I was also icing and using advil, as my surgeon said it was likely due to inflammation from the surgery messing with those nerves.  But the relief was amazing.  Since it wasn't super tight or anything, I wore that sleeve on my arm 24x7 for the next week or so.  And now, at 2-weeks post surgery, I don't feel like I need it anymore.

  
Just passing this along in case it helps somebody else down the road, sitting in their jammies post-surgery, trying not to move their arm to avoid the burning, zinging, nauseous feeling of nerve pain.  Thanks again for all who post.  You are helping waaaay more than just the one person who asked the question!

  
