Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: I feel like I have cancer-induced ADHD.
Author: nimaku
Score: 10
Created UTC: 2025-01-10 06:53:58
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hxynvc/i_feel_like_i_have_cancerinduced_adhd/

My husband and both kids all have the normal kind. I’m the more “Type A” overachiever in the family. I have always been the organized one. I thrive on a good color-coded organizational system or a set of well-labeled boxes and baskets. I was the one who could plan out the most efficient way to accomplish tasks. I was the one who kept track of which kid needed to wear which clothes for a random “spirit day,” which one needed to bring treats for a class party, and what the week’s after school schedule was. I always had it all written in my iCal, but to be honest, I rarely checked it because it was all in my head.

Now I feel like I can’t keep a train of thought going for more than a minute or two. I constantly forget what people are saying to me or why I entered a room. I used to be the one on top of everything, and now I forget to give my kids their medicine and feed the dogs. My poor Siri is probably going to turn in his notice pretty soon from being tired of keeping track of mundane shit like “Siri, remind me to go pick up [my kid] at 3:30” and “Siri, remind me to call the vet in an hour.” I used to enjoy reading, but I don’t think I have finished a book in months because I get distracted after a few pages (and I’ve tried several different books, so it’s not just a single bad one that’s not worth finishing).

My husband hit the nail on the head tonight. We were trying to wind down for the evening and watch a show, but I kept getting caught up in organizational “side quests.” Every room I entered had just a couple things to grab and put away, and I just couldn’t stop. My Type A need for organization and my inability to finish a single task all the way through to completion before starting the next are at war with each other. He eventually told me I needed to stop finding things to clean. I told him I was fine, it’s just a little chemo-ADHD. “Yeah, but you haven’t had years and years to learn to cope with it!” 

Was it the chemo that did this to me? Or is it the early menopause (OS+AI)? Both? Will my brain ever work normally again?