Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: I changed my plastic surgeon due to my finances. 
Author: Knight-of-Azure
Score: 54
Created UTC: 2024-12-31 19:29:26
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hqm3m0/i_changed_my_plastic_surgeon_due_to_my_finances/

Hi everyone, this just happened to me in a span of two weeks. I'd like to share it in case it'll help someone else.

My mastectomy was scheduled for next month. I was already nervous as it was. Then, I received a phone call from a rep. from the plastic surgeon's office. She said I have to pay $600 because of my deductible. I told her that I didn't have the full amount and asked to work out a payment plan. She recommend I speak to their insurance coordinator. The coordinator called me and made it sound final that I need to pay the full $600 at my preop. appointment because the plastic surgeon is an independent contractor. They don't do payment plans. She suggested that I apply for Care Credit to use that to pay for my surgery. I did my research on Care Credit and opted out of applying at all due to the negative reviews.

I contacted my social worker, and I told her about the $600 fee. I asked for any type of help. My social worker sent me a list of nonprofits that offer financial assistance with utilities to help with financial burdens. I have to go over the list to see if I'm eligible for any of the programs. She also relayed my situation to my oncologist. My oncologist sent me to speak with the Financial Counselor who is onsite. I told him about the situation and gave him the financial assistance approval letter I just received in the mail. The financial assistance letter stated that it'll cover physicians who are within my hospital's financial assistance program but doesn't cover independent contractors. That got me thinking, I just need to find a plastic surgeon that's in the financial assistance program. I brought it up with the financial counselor. He agreed with me and told me to contact the person that referred me to the plastic surgeon, which was my general surgeon. I called her office manager about finding a new plastic surgeon in the financial assistance program. There actually was one. She contacted both plastic surgeons' office about the changes. Both offices called me one after the other. The insurance coordinator that was going to charge me the $600 fee was trying to persuade me to stay with their plastic surgeon. She said he was willing to waive the $600 fee. I can get my surgeries done with him and pay a couple of $100 afterwards. I told her that I can't. My finances are stretching thin already. After that I received the phone call from the new plastic surgeon's office. This rep. assured me that they received my insurance information, including my financial assistance letter. My surgery will be covered. I don't have to pay out of pocket.
