Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Need support for cancer ghosting
Author: ooooh-shiny
Score: 43
Created UTC: 2025-01-11 12:42:32
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hyv31k/need_support_for_cancer_ghosting/

My little sister (25 then, 26 now) has ghosted me (29 then, 30 now) ever since I was diagnosed in 2024. I last saw her in late January, was diagnosed in early February, and it's been crickets ever since. She didn't acknowledge my diagnosis, except to ask our mum for the letter she would need to get a genetic test, which I sent to her. Then she just never replied to another text, never answered another phonecall, and I found out later that she blocked me and my twin on Instagram. She's been in very sporadic, brief communication with our mother.

I finally broke and contacted her boyfriend, who told me that he knew for sure I hadn't done anything specific, and not to worry about that. We hadn't ever had a fight as adults, and we always had a good time with each other, laughing and dancing and smoking weed and commiserating about our shitty childhood, but I was thinking maybe she'd just decided her whole family was too much drama, or that she was processing feelings about how we didn't get along as children. I guess not? It's still unclear. He said she struggled to have the tough conversations, and that it wasn't his place to vouch for her feelings. I understand that, and I didn't want to put him in the middle. He also told me she was still waiting for her genetic testing appointment, because I was concerned about the outcome. She might have to go through something huge, that no one in her life will understand except my twin - preventive surgeries. 

I'm so sad and angry and hurt and I don't understand why this has happened. She's been going through a hard time - her band broke up, destroying friendships. She loved being in that band, and loved those people, and must have felt awful about it - and I wanted to be there for her. This happened after my diagnosis, and she'd already cut me off, which I didn't realise for months, because she was so inconsistent with replying anyway. I didn't expect her to be a part of my support system, since we live in different cities and haven't been as close as I'd like since she moved out at 18 (an escape from our dysfunctional family), but to be cut off and blocked hurts so much. 

TNBC stage 2b, so I'm fine now, but I'm thinking about the next five years, and what if I find out it's metastasised? Are we estranged? If so, are we so estranged that she wouldn't want to know if I was dying? And if she would, how would I even contact her? I'd have to tell her boyfriend to pass on the message. I actually have no idea if she cares whether I live or die. Maybe she does, and she's overwhelmed. Either way, I'm not okay. I feel like I have a scream inside that talking to me my mum, my twin, and a couple of friends isn't releasing. It's not enough. Maybe I need to actually scream. 

I know from reading this sub that some people have been ghosted by their best friends, even their parents, and just ... ouch. Did this happen because I have cancer? I get to have cancer and lose a sister I love? Or maybe it didn't, and it's just more painful because of the timing. I cry about this a lot. 

Could you say nice things to me, please? Thank you. 