Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: I’m becoming a recluse 
Author: HMW347
Score: 47
Created UTC: 2024-12-28 22:19:40
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hogw29/im_becoming_a_recluse/

I have been trying to figure out how to word this so I don’t sound too pathetic. 

This hair thing has mentally and emotionally done me in. I don’t want to leave my house and I don’t want to see anyone or vice versa. I live in a big community in a small town. I bartender here for several years so I know pretty much everyone. 

I have struggled with body dysmorphic disorders my entire life. Growing up I was too skinny (like all elbows and knees and flat chested skinny). I had a chunky year my first year of college that lead to an eating disorder. I finally got back to being small and was pretty ok with that. Kid 1 - snapped right back. Kid 2 - not as fast but still in a range I was comfortable with. Kid 3 - same thing. 

Major stress after Kid 3 and got wayyyy too skinny again. Eventually got back to a somewhat healthy weight then started having health issues that involved meds (lots of prednisone) that packed on the weight and it wouldn’t go away. THEN perimenopause kicked in. I went from a size 4 to a size 10-12. It just sat there. I live with it - but when I look in the mirror, I see a whale. 

After I got rid of the steroid moon face, I was ok with my face. Nothing to write home about, but I didn’t feel any need to hide. Hair was ok - not great, not terrible. I was ok overall, just heavier than I was happy with. 

I got remarried 3 years ago. Life was amazing. I was happy. We did amazing things. My husband is wonderful and loving and supportive and, unlike the previous two…didn’t come with a ton of shit and baggage. 

We moved to another state and have created a wonderful life with wonderful people in our small 3 stoplight town. We live in the kind of community where people jump in their golf carts and, if lights are on, pop in to say hi. 

Scroll forward to September when I was diagnosed with TNBC. My treatments were fast and furious - a month from mammogram to surgery. Then 6 weeks from surgery to chemo (Keynote 522). 

The first two weeks I started withdrawing because I didn’t know how I would feel and didn’t want to take chances. Then my fucking hair fell out. 

I had one very brave day. I spent the whole day without a head covering. We dropped off Christmas presents and even stopped by the bar at closing time to see a few coworkers. The next day I donned a hat with a ponytail and went out for a meeting and then a small gathering down the street. I had a few wisps left and the hat looked ok - but it made my tender scalp soooo itchy. 

The following day I put it back on and ran two quick errands (3 stoplight town - everything is 5 minutes away). My head overheated, the itching was unbearable and I came home, tore off the hat, curled up in the couch and, except for chemo, haven’t left since. 

I’m down to duck fuzz. I look OLD! I look sick. Every single head covering drives me crazy - but without it, it’s worse. My head is scabby. I bought a whole box of serums and potions and special shampoos and conditioners, but I look like the crypt keeper. I hate what I see in the mirror. HATE it!!! I look like someone’s homeless grandpa. My face is puffy, I have circles under my eyes…I can fake it a little with makeup, but I have tried every hat and head covering and I either itch or look pathetic and sick. I know I’m sick. I hate the reminder. Every single time I walk past a mirror I hate what I see. 

I bailed on all the Christmas FaceTimes because I didn’t want anyone to see me - not my kids, not our parents, no one. I bailed on all the holiday gatherings for a bunch of reasons - but at the bottom of it all, it’s because I feel ugly. I’ve never felt ugly - ever. 

My mother has contributed to this greatly throughout my life - more than I ever realized. When I gained weight she would make snarky comments. When I started losing my hair, she made a very unkind comment. No pictures or FaceTime for her. 

My kids out of state can bear the thought of seeing me so I don’t send them pics or FT with them either. This is going to be me until next summer. I don’t know how to live with it and make peace with it. 

I did brave thing #2 today and scheduled an appointment at a high end salon an hour out of town for help - someone who can teach me how to properly wear wigs - but I’m terrified of the itching and the itching leads to more scabbing - I seriously look like one of those nightmares on TV. I also keep getting rashes and scabs as a result on my arms and chest. 

Yes…I’ve spoken to the doc about this. Yes…I know this is part of the process. Yes….I know there is an end to this down the road. Yes…I know it will grow back. No…not a single bit of that makes me feel better. 

I knew it would be bad - but I didn’t know it would be this UGLY!!!! 

Yes…I have a case worker. Yes…I have an amazing support system. Yes…I have a BC mentor. Their kind and supportive words fall on deaf ears. 

My husband and nearest and dearest try to tell me I’m beautiful - it’s bullshit. I don’t know how people do this and are OK with it. When I found out I actually for real and legit had cancer - this was the thing I knew was going to be the hardest. At least I know myself well, right? 

Finally, the more depressed and sad I get, the worse shape my house is in. Then I get upset because it’s a mess. I’m already on antidepressants and anti-anxiety meds. The whole not sleeping thing doesn’t help. Talked to the doc about this too - doing all the things she recommended. I’m still up every two hours all night long. Can’t sleep in the same room as my husband because he has to leave for work at 5 am and I’m up all night. Don’t want him to touch me because I feel about as sexy as a troll. Then I feel guilty because not only that - but I’m grumpy and bitchy to boot and I feel lazy for letting the house slide but I JUST CAN’T. 

I’ll do this. I will get through it - I can do anything and always have - but maybe always being the strong one who takes care of everything is my worst enemy right now. When I would feel down, I would dress up to improve my mood. Tried that - weird looking ducky fuzz head is still there and if covered, I look and feel like a sick fraud. 

My head is too tender and scabby to completely shave smooth. I’m scared it will make it hurt more and maybe even look worse - if that’s even possible - or, worse yet, the scabs will get worse and then I’ll bleed and it will just be gross. 

I know people say that no one cares how you look and that not having hair just is what it is - but I can’t get there. It feels like it just keeps getting worse. 

I’m trying to be strong. I’m trying to be a brave warrior. I’m trying to deal - but I just don’t know how to deal with this. 

