Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: The problems just go on and on...
Author: IndependentAbject231
Score: 6
Created UTC: 2024-12-28 02:18:45
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hnvhk6/the_problems_just_go_on_and_on/

So... I'm 55. I had DMX flat 7 months ago.  Stage 1.   BRCA negative, 16 oncotype. Was on Tamoxifen.  Had bad side effects, lots of fatigue, joint pain etc.  I stopped after 3 months.  The fatigue eased up but just a bit.  So I had bloodwork done in November with my GP.  He asked about a colonoscopy and I told him that I had enough procedures for the year.  He offered Cologuard (aka shit in the box - SNL has a great skit about it).  Cologuard came back positive so definitively next on the list is a colonoscopy which will be in 2025.  Bloodwork came back very low in iron and vitamin D.  So next was a bone scan and meeting with hemotology for a blood infusion.   The hemotologist noted that my iron had been declining for several years and this was overlooked by the previous GP I had.   She too was thinking that it might be something with my colon.  The bone scan shows I have osteoperosis in my back and osteopenia in my hips and neck.   So now on the list is to see the endocrinologist for that and the GI for the colon.  So I'm concerned is colon cancer next?  Are there links between BC, CC and osteoperosis. What about treatment.

But I'm still really surprised at what is causing this.  I'm super physically active. Have been lifting weights for years.  I climb, I commute by bicycle.  I eat fresh fruits and veggies daily and a high fiber vegan diet.  Osteoperosis runs in my family, but my relatives got in their 70's, not 50's. And I'm the first in my family with BC.  The MD's all say that my dietary habits and physical activity level are better than 90% of people out there.  But I'm exhausted all the time.  Frustrated and anxious.  I feel like I was doing fine until the surgery (I had no symptoms with the BC other than a big 'ole lump.)  Then it all went downhill.  Sigh.  So I guess this is a bit of venting and it just seems the problems spring up from the woodwork.  