Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Mixed feelings as I approach last chemo infusion 
Author: oothi_may
Score: 18
Created UTC: 2024-11-28 18:26:15
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1h22d58/mixed_feelings_as_i_approach_last_chemo_infusion/

I am almost done with my chemo treatments. My last infusion is coming Tuesday. I am undergoing 4 AC + 4 Pacli/Carbo chemo regimen for stage 2B TN multifocal IDC.

After this I will have to undergo a PET scan, followed by surgery for removal of lymph nodes and breast probably (lumps were already removed during diagnosis), and radiation therapy.

Honestly I don't know what to feel. I don't know I should be happy. I am so so scared. I am so scared of not doing Keytruda. I am so scared of the possibility of not achieving pCR. I am so scared of the chemo not doing its job. I am so scared of having to undergoing another surgery. I am so scared of the pain and complications that follow. I am so scared of the stupid drains that will be hanging out of my body. I am so scared of embracing my new body. I am so scared of facing the PET scan and the pathology reports. I am so scared of going everyday to the hospital to get zapped. I am so scared of having to probably take maintenance medications that would have their own side effects. I am so scared of the financial burden that it's going to put on my family. I am so scared of ending up being a shell of a person I was before all this. I am so scared of living a life overshadowed by cancer. I am so scared of doing all the treatments and being in the clear and yet ending up with a recurrence. I am so scared of metastasis. I am so scared of secondary cancers. I am so scared of going through chemo again. I am so scared of so many things. 

Nothing brings me joy anymore. I am living in constant dread and fear. Everytime I eat a chocolate or a fried chicken, I am worried what if it is causing the disease to progress. Everytime a part of my body hurts, I panic. Honestly I am expecting the worst at this point. I don't even have the mental bandwidth to be positive anymore. My heart is constantly weighed down by the "what ifs" and I just don't know what to do. Tbh, I had gotten used to my "chemo routine" and the ups and downs of it. It's all going to be different from here. I will be entering the terrible "scan-xiety phase" again and it's the worst. I hate it. 