Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: New Year, New Diagnosis
Author: jess9802
Score: 24
Created UTC: 2024-12-31 21:34:37
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hqolap/new_year_new_diagnosis/

I am 44 years old, and in late October I had my annual screening mammogram, something I've done each year since my 40th birthday and have not thought much of. Two days later I had voicemails from both my OB/GYN and PCP to advise me that a small nodule was observed in my left breast. I was referred for a diagnostic mammogram with ultrasound, which took place on December 13. At that appointment, the radiologist told me the mass appeared to be an invasive carcinoma and assigned my mammogram a score of BIRADS 5. I had the biopsy on December 26, and when I logged into my OB's patient portal last night saw the diagnosis of invasive ductal carcinoma, an order for an MRI, and a referral to a breast surgeon. I already had an appointment scheduled with my OB for Thursday morning to go over the biopsy results but I guess now it won't be a surprise....

I have all sorts of emotions right now, as I'm sure you all have experienced at one time or another. My youngest child is 8 and is profoundly autistic with significant support needs, and my 12 year old is a Type I diabetic. I'm the sole breadwinner for my family, and my job is the type where if I'm not working I'm not making money. So many anxieties and fears mixed in with pragmatism; the mass was measured at ultrasound as 6mmx8mmx5mm, so it's very small. It's not palpable. The axillary ultrasound showed no abnormalities or enlargement. As the radiologist said, this would be considered a screening success story: cancer detected very early. I know the survival stats and am learning about treatment options and thinking about what I want for myself. 

As much as one can in these situations, I am looking forward to getting to know everyone here and supporting others. What a way to end the year.

ETA: Breast surgeon just called. Biopsy showed tumor is ++-, grade 1. ETA2: I’ve seen the summary of the pathology report and the KI-67 score is “variable, up to 30%” which surprised me with a histolological grade of 1.