Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Survivorship is hard sometimes…
Author: Knish_witch
Score: 32
Created UTC: 2024-12-11 17:19:33
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hbym99/survivorship_is_hard_sometimes/

Hi all! I am almost a year post active treatment (was diagnosed in 8/23, had lumpectomy, SLNB and rads and was all done in late 12/23). 

First some good news: I took my first long haul flight post-cancer! Seattle to Rome. I had been really worried about this (had some cording and inflammation after SLNB and it has not been clear to anyone if I have lymphedema but my arm is just odd sometimes) but it went great. I wore my sleeve and gauntlet and my arm has been looking fine. 

Now the hard stuff: my body has just been in chaos for the past year. It’s so hard to parse out what is related to Tamoxifen (I’m almost a year in) vs middle age vs god knows what other medical conditions. I have had my period for almost 3 weeks now and am having to go in for a transvaginal US and endometrial biopsy. I am so demoralized. Last Xmas I was literally in the middle of rads, and I so wanted to have a normal holiday this year, but nope! 

I also have my annual MRI coming up in January, followed by a med onc appt. That takes up a big chunk of the day and I get extreme scanxiety, so I asked my med onc office if they could fill out FMLA paperwork so that I could take the day to attend my appointments (I am entirely out of leave due to my recent trip and I am a social worker so really have to be emotionally present when I am at work). And yesterday they told me they wouldn’t do it. And I don’t know why but that really hit me incredibly hard, I’ve been crying on and off ever since. Like, almost as if they thought I was taking advantage of them, or being overly dramatic. It felt so invalidating, like “Oh, why can’t you just go back to work immediately after your extremely terrifying MRI?” I just feel so unsettled and upset by it, like now that I am out of active treatment I should be feeling totally normal—except I still have endless appointments to keep up with in the aftermath of cancer and some of them cause me to literally shake in my boots. I just want someone to make it a little easier and not to have to fight for every little thing so damn hard. 

Anyway, I just had to vent to some people who might get it. I do recognize how lucky I am to be in the survivorship phase and I am truly grateful—but it isn’t all roses, that’s for sure. 