Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Aesthetic Flat Closure revision
Author: Slight-Damage-6956
Score: 20
Created UTC: 2024-12-28 16:18:01
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1ho8yhi/aesthetic_flat_closure_revision/

A week ago I had breast (chest, really) revision surgery to correct what a prior surgeon left 7 yrs ago after having the second set of implants removed. I had the implants removed because radiation caused the right one to expand and I lost 50% range of motion of my right arm. Even though I told the surgeon I wanted to be symmetrically flat on both sides of my chest, with no extra fat, tissue or skin, he made the decision for himself to leave extra. The first time I removed my bandages, I was alone, which was a poor decision. There was a lot of fat, tissue and skin under and in front of my left armpit, which was in the shape of a dog ear. There were other pudgy pockets of fat & tissue across my chest area. The radiated side of my chest was down to my rib cage. It looked like I had been mutilated. At my post-op I asked him why he didn’t do as I’d asked he said he figured I’d want breasts again someday so he left as much as possible. The terms for this are now known Aesthetic Flat Closure (AFC) and flat denial. At the time, coming off my 6th surgery in 6 years, I was vulnerable, exhausted and broken financially and emotionally. It took until this year, and after losing 50 pounds, for me to be ready to have a final revision surgery to put all of this behind me. There is still some swelling but I am looking forward to the flat symmetry and having as much breast tissue as possible out of my body. 

History: 
Initial diagnosis at age 37 with DCIS Stage IIA, ER+1, PR-, HER/neu-, two tumors in right breast (one not known until surgery). History of breast cancer from both maternal & paternal sides, even though I tested negative in genetic testing. Treatment was 1) port insertion surgery, 2) double mastectomy with expanders placed, 3) 8 doses of two chemo meds, 2 wks apart, 4) Tamoxifen. Implants placed 6 wks later, capsular contracture 2 yrs later & surgery to replace them. 

Second diagnosis at age 42, ER/PR/HER2-, so stopped Tamoxifen. Tumor below clavicle on same side of prior tumors in breast. With less than 1K cases with that tumor location, local surgeon and council consulted Mayo and treatment was 1) 12 doses of two chemo meds weekly, 2) surgery to remove the tumor, 3) 35 daily doses of strong radiation. 
