Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: I am done with chemo but...
Author: oothi_may
Score: 15
Created UTC: 2024-12-05 02:04:04
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1h6xytf/i_am_done_with_chemo_but/

Disclaimer : might include sensitive stuff that may trigger anyone with anxiety/stress

Yep I am finally done with chemo. I think I am the worst patient ever because all I did the whole time was cry, cry and cry. Not tears of joy. It was something painful. This whole experience. The fact that I won't be doing anything now to kill those stray cancer cells probably floating around lol. The upcoming pet scan. Honestly the thought of it is freaking me out. I am so scared of mets. I don't have the strength to deal with anymore bad news. The fear of surgery. There's a surgery upcoming and I have no idea how will I muster enough strength to go to the hospital that day. And then who know what's the path report gonna show. And then radiation. And probably a year of Olaparib/Zeloda. It's like my life is not mine anymore. I will always have this fear of recurrence. I am so scared to go back to that infusion chair. Never again. I never want to go there again. I have never been brave enough to face the concept of death but here I am. All I think about is leaving behind my kids. It's probably the anxiety talking. And I keep getting recommended videos of cancer patients everywhere. And most of them are dead or dying. And they're damn young. Around my age. The mental toll this disease has been taking on me! I thought the diagnosis was the worst part. You know what's worse? Doing everything you can and finding out that it wasn't enough. How do I let go of the fact that this life is indeed not mine anymore? That all I can do now is go through with the rest of the treatment and just wait and watch. It's not easy. I am not strong or brave enough for this. Even crying doesn't help now. I was numb for the past few weeks of my infusions but now it feels like the numbness is gone and everything is hitting me like a ton of bricks.