Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Mom is coming to see me before starting chemo, mixed feelings
Author: mahyuni
Score: 11
Created UTC: 2024-12-28 09:54:14
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1ho2lqt/mom_is_coming_to_see_me_before_starting_chemo/

Context: my mother (70s) and I (late 40s) live in the same country but separated by an entire sea (Basically 2.5hrs flying over the ocean).  
Told her I was starting chemo on Tuesday (3 days from now), the day care wards are full, so I'll be warded in the morning and set free in the evening.  
Mom literally just told me today, Saturday, she's flying in on Monday to see me.  
While I'm glad she cares, at the same time I was looking forward to quietly resting on the day she's flying in because the next day I need to:  
1. Get up at 5ish am to take the train (switching lines in between) to the hospital at 6ish am.  
2. Arrive at hospital 7ish to get all my ward procedures sorted and then start at 8am  
3. I have no idea how long it will take, what medications, I'm just going to show up with a bag and hope I'm sorted. Public hospital doctors are very busy so they don't have a lot of time to sit with you and go through everything  
4. Once I'm done, I'm checking into a nearby hotel for a little rest - my brother will be housesitting and feeding my needy cat  
So yeah, I'm a tiny bit exasperated my mother sprung it on me so last minute, the hotel I booked for her (my rental unfortunately isn't an option for her to stay, sadly) is a tad bit expensive thanks to NYE and instead of resting for an early, long day the next day, I'll be checking her into a hotel and 'hosting' her.  
Just venting here because maybe in a few years I'll think of this time fondly but right now am a bit exasperated as I didn't quite budget for her last minute visit and she's going to be fairly anxious and hovering.  
Oh, and I'm not telling her I'm checking myself into a hotel after chemo because she will attempt to 'mother' me when I'd rather just be alone with room service and the hum of a hotel TV.  
Anyone can relate? I guess it's also because I hate surprises and last-minuteness, and like everything to be properly planned out with room for sudden changes in plans or emergencies.  
But I did not plan for "mother swooping in to assuage her anxiety".  
  
