Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Just a vent about reconstruction woes
Author: mimimandy
Score: 14
Created UTC: 2025-01-08 19:15:35
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hwsaof/just_a_vent_about_reconstruction_woes/

I'm so thankful for this community and what a safe space this is. Just venting here. This is super long.

I had a DMX in July 2023, expanders, reconstruction with implants / fat grafting in Oct. 2023.

I had 5 fills of the expanders before reconstruction. I'd been clear that I wanted my foobs to the be the same size as my natural boobs - between a large C / small D cup. The first 2 "fills" were easy, while the last 3 were *excruciating*. Like, taking-the-extra-oxy-from-my-DMX painful. I forget how many cc's I was pumped up to, but I knew it was a bit smaller than I wanted. But my surgery date was scheduled and my surgeon wanted a few weeks of buffer after the final fill and before surgery. PLUS, I was getting married the month after surgery. All of this, coupled with how much the fills hurt, meant that I didn't push for a 6th fill & didn't feel like I had time for one anyway. Then, in an ironic move, the network where I was getting my surgery done went on strike... including the day when my surgery was supposed to be. So my surgery was pushed back three weeks. I would've had time for another fill if I'd known! But the reschedule wasn't far enough out for another one...and I couldn't delay the surgery any more than that because of my wedding date. UGH.

Let me preface this next part with how stupid I feel at being so concerned about what essentially amounts to aesthetics. I know it could be so much worse & I tell myself that all the time. So I realize this next part comes off as shallow.

Ok, so cut to my foobs being probably at least a half-cup to full-cup size smaller than my old boobs, with clothing, my tops are loose, and the fat grafting is now all but gone -- there are ripples galore from the implants bc there's no fat on top of them -- and the cancer boob just looks wonky and puckered on the side. And my nipples are juuuuuuuust slightly off. Also, because of the "pocket" in my chest where the implants sit, the left boob (the cancer boob) appears just slightly smaller than the right. Basically, I fucking hate these tits.

My surgeon is wonderful though, and because of some administrative issues on her side, has been trying to get me in for a revision since last April but the scheduling just hasn't worked. She suggested an implant swap to the next size up with more fat grafting to eliminate the rippling, but warned me that it's possible the rippling will happen again -- skin stretches eventually, and so much of the fat will be absorbed. She recently changed locations and THEY DON'T HAVE a fat grafting machine at the new location...so I'm back to waiting. She's offered to transfer me to a doc at her original location, but since my revision isn't really and truly medically necessary..."they may not want to take your case," implying that I might have trouble with insurance. I really do trust her on this though, so am sticking with her and waiting to see if the new location will get the equipment. (I'm in a giant city, so I'm floored they don't have it.)

ON TOP OF THIS, when I told my sweet & wonderful husband about it last night, I realized how much he doesn't quite understand about this whole process. His native language isn't English, so that's at least part of the issue. He reassured me that, "You're always beautiful to me," but that I need to be happy with my foobs, and that because they aren't aesthetically perfect, maybe surgery would help. I was like, "You know it's impossible for them to be Hollywood perfect fake boobs, right?" Then he asked how much a traditional "boob job" cost, implying that maybe I can just pay for perfect boobs, and I don't know - that hit me like a ton of bricks... 

He'd never in a million years tell me he doesn't like my boobs, but the subtext of this comment told me that he was expecting (hell, I was expecting this too) beautiful, smooth, perfect tits. What's more, he still thinks it's possible! I explained that the whole need for fat grafting is because I don't have boob fat to put the implants under - that boob jobs don't have giant scars along the sides like reconstruction - and just started crying. On top of all the cancer bullshit, now I have to worry that my husband has deep down feelings that I'm ugly. It doesn't help that cancer has completely changed our intimacy and it's been hard to "get back to normal" in that department. (Oh, have I mentioned the mindfuck of being pushed in menopause for hormone treatment?)

I know this is small peanuts compared to other issues in this community, and I'm generally optimistic. But it's been tough lately. Maybe it's the AI, but UGH, I'm so depressed and so fucking tired of cancer being this constant presence in my life, even though it's "supposed" to be over.

Ok, therapy session over, haha. Thanks for letting me vent, y'all.