Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: I’m having a BMX with DTI tomorrow
Author: Training_Box_4786
Score: 5
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 17:18:45
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1i0j2tc/im_having_a_bmx_with_dti_tomorrow/

I’m having a BMX with DTI tomorrow morning.  My 3mm ILC tumor was found following a standard breast reduction in September. Apparently they take a sample from the removed tissue following a breast reduction and send it to the lab as part of breast cancer research. It rarely comes back showing cancer.  I have had scans every year since turning 40 (I’m 45) and have even had to go back for ultrasounds and 3 d mammos due to the density of my breasts. Each time I was told I only had benign cysts. I’m lucky that my cancer was found early and while my drs recommended 3 weeks of radiation on my entire right breast (since they have no idea about margins or if there’s any remaining pieces of the tumor or where it is, I had a contrast mri in October but my dr told me that none of these scans would pick up errant cancer cells or tiny tumors), I have chosen to have a BMX with DTI. The pathology shows extensive ILCIS in addition to the ILC in my right breast. My grandmother had a BMX in her mid 40’s along with my great aunt, and there’s a lot of colon cancer in my family. I have a mutated PMS2 gene that is associated with Lynch syndrome and as much as they say it doesn’t cause breast cancer, I’m confident that future research will prove otherwise. I chose to go on a family road trip to visit family in the PNW from NorCal over my 5 year old son’s winter break and didn’t prep myself at all for this surgery. We just got home a few days ago.  

Anyway, here’s to taking a “too aggressive” approach to hopefully remove all the cells that want to become cancerous in the future. I’ve asked for nerve blocks, the scopolamine patch, and a prescription for zofran. I’m going to push to stay overnight and hope for the best. I’m on the verge of tears a ball of nerves, but I feel better knowing I have this community here supporting me through this. Sending you all strength and lots of love.