Subreddit: dismissiveavoidants
Title: Is it my avoidant nature, him or are we both toxic?
Author: krunchhunny
Score: 15
Created UTC: 2025-01-09 12:53:11
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/dismissiveavoidants/comments/1hxc4ni/is_it_my_avoidant_nature_him_or_are_we_both_toxic/


***EDIT**After reading all your replies, I've finally and hopefully permanantly broken it off with him and blocked all contact bar one email account. He's since sent me a link to a quiz about Alexithymia but mostly left me alone. He took a vast chunk of his stuff away with him and I'm awaiting him deciding when he'll collect the rest, for which I'll have a friend with me. I feel anxious constantly but I'm hoping I've done the right thing. Thanks for all your advice! I do believe i am DA but its been made drastically worse by him. I'm going to remain single for a long long time and I've signed up for some counselling here (Scotland, UK)

TL;DR: I'm scared I'm a narcissist and that my recently discovered Dismissive Avoidant tendencies have destroyed a relationship and hurt my partner but I also feel like I'm the one being abused. I've no idea which of us is the one with the problem or if we're both as bad as each other and this is just a toxic relationship. 

I F/46 have been in a relationship with an older M/59 insecure/anxious type person for almost 2 years. Before him I thought I was average, a bit prone to moods but generally fairly chill to be in a relationship with. I didn't even know what Dismissive Avoidance was, had never heard of it let alone know I very likely am one. 

A relevant point is I was diagnosed with breast cancer 11 months into the relationship and am still undergoing treatment.

We met online, and after about 3 months of dating, moved really quickly in the relationship and he and his dog started to come and stay at mine pretty much every week for a few days which turned into weeks at a time. I worked full time, he's unemployed and honestly I don't know where he gets his money from and he's never said. I think he's on long term disability for his very dodgy knee but he's never come out and said even when I've indirectly questioned it. However he has bought me and paid for things (gig tickets, an expensive Lego set I couldnt afford myself) house decorating, carpet cleaner) plus drives a two hour hundred mile trip every time he comes to see me. I've never been to his place and he refuses to let me or acknowledge that's a red flag. Granted i don't drive but I've offered repeatdly to hop on a train and make the effort. He often throws all this back at me when we argue or I try to end the relationship, usually along the lines of how I'm a liar, user and have strung him along. I'm fiercely independent and have never asked him for money or to buy the things he does. It actually makes me uncomfortable when he does. I don't ever want to rely on a partner for money (I have a financially irresponsible ex husband who still refuses to sign the divorce and claims I owe him money.) Again a strong avoidant trait of mine. 

The arguments and I guess my DA tendencies started about 6 months in. I found I out was doing all the cleaning up at my house when he was there, specifically after the dog who is lovely but has caused lots of wear and damage to my furniture, garden, carpets and decor (this is why he bought the carpet cleaner and paid for the decorating as a birthday present) It just made me resentful and drained as I felt i was becoming responsible for him amd the dog too, making meals, picking up dog poop etc. I tend to bottle up then explode. 

He also seemed unhappy I had other interests outside of him - the gym, solo trave and walks alone or friends, Lego, video games, reading, writing , socialising with friends (usually over coffee and cake not nights out) and the cinema (solo). I did feel I was losing a sense of self.  He would text me constantly even when I've said I'm out with a friend but claims he doesn't expect responses. He says he loves spending time with me but we don't really do anything and I feel I'm missing out. I started to feel trapped and miss my life before him. I told him this and he was devastated at the time. 

He is always declaring undying love, telling me I'm 'the one', he's never been in love before etc which makes me really uncomfortable because it seems so cheesy and trite. I guess that's the avoidant or cynical side of me too. 

But. When we fight (which is ALL. THE. TIME, no kidding) he says some of the most awful things and I'm not exaggerating. Not long after I got my cancer diagnosis and during a row that I don't even remember the reason for, he told me he wished I'd fall down the stairs. He told me I was pathetic and 'wallowing' when it turned out I had cancerous lymph nodes and was worried about distant metastasis after I had my breast removed. I needed 8x rounds of chemo and another surgery plus I've still radiotherapy to go this year and 10 years of drugs. He tells me I catastrophise yet I think my fears are pretty much grounded in reality. Emotionally I've been a mess, admittedly. 

He has told me he hopes I die alone and screaming in agony twice, once just before my 2nd surgery. He's told me repeatedly I put on an act and no one really likes me. He's called me an emotional cripple, selfish, a boot, a cunt, a slag and too many other things to mention. He's got me semi-convinced I'm actually a narcissist. He hates that I've held on to these insults as they're 'just words'. He won't accept that they hurt me deeply. 

I'm in chemically induced menopause so my mood swings and irritability and rage is at an all time high so I must take accountability for taking it out on him. However...I honestly feel like he brings out the utter worst in me. I can't  wait for him to go home when he's here. I do find myself irritated at everything he does but I know I've treated him badly by not being able to talk about how I'm feeling. He says I don't communicate and I don't try but its like everything I do or don't do hurts him. I will admit I shut down during conflicts, won't make eye contact and often stay silent. I know it's emotionally immature but honestly he makes me feel like my mind is empty, and just talks at me for literally hours with the resolution always being that I need to trust him and open up. 

The last big row we had, was the day I got out of hospital, he was supposed to stay at mine in the run up until I went in, which he manipulated into being staying until I got home. I didn't want him and the dog there and to share a bed when I'd just had a pretty nasty op so I wanted him to go after he brought me home which he insisted on doing. Then it was gone 9pm and he's falling asleep or pretending to and telling me he's too tired to drive. I was irrationally angry because it felt like he was changing the agreement and that's something I hate (he says its my control issues) and I did make it so he had to leave. He tore strips off me for days about how dangerous it has been for him to drive so tired and I did feel awful because he was right, but also my mum would happily have driven me home. After taking me to hospital early in the morning, he had done nothing all day, he could have gone home after visiting me earlier on in the evening after seeing I was okay after the surgery. 

Before he left we were awful to each other, I said something horrible and deeply nasty that I said just to hurt him in response to him threatening self harm. In shock/anger, he hit me over the head really hard with a memory foam pillow whilst I lay in bed with my back to him. He's said since that he threw it but honestly I was stunned and thought my nose was gonna bleed. I don't believe its possibke to throw a pillow down with that amount of force. He says he regrets it and it was in response to what I'd said but it seemed way out of line to me. I'm not allowed to mention it as he gets annoyed and says I keep bringing up the past and deflecting away from my own behaviour.  In the past he ripped a Christmas wreath off the door in anger at me and has blocked me leaving a room after pulling the duvet off me and not allowing me bed covers. He says he wanted me to know how it feels not to get your own way, as I'm utterly selfish and everything is all about me. 

I didn't see him all over Christmas because of the row etc and I honestly just didn't want to, but he messaged me constantly telling me how he was broken, I'd destroyed him etc. Christmas day he ended up going to the hospital because he was really ill with a chest infection and flu, he said he thought he should be in hospital but he has no family (one half sis in Australia  - parents had him as a teen pregnancy, he ended up in care then raised by grandparents so he has huge abandonment issues which I understand that my DA triggers) He has no friends at all in the area he's lived for about 15 years. He claims he gave them all up for me because he couldn't sustain friendships with his motorbike friends AND come see me. All I heard for a week was how ill he was, how miserable , how alone, how it was because of me etc. Meanwhile if I mention fucking cancer I'm using it as a shield, excuse or get out of jail free card. Yet it's utterly destroyed my confidence, body and mind, I've changed but he refuses to accept it. 

I've honestly tried to end the relationship so many times but it's like he has a hold over me and he just won't accept it, I always end up letting him back and hate it when he's here. I also worry he'll harm himself as he's threatened too multiple times, even going so far as to try to arrange a new home for the dog. 

When he's here, he's not going to sleep till late then sleeping in whilst I see to the dog and my cat and me then he wants breakfast, a shit and shower then lunch before he's even ready to start his day which just really doesn't work for me. I'm off work right now because of the cancer so my days are free but we need up wasting them. I do feel I talk bout how I feel but it's never deep enough. He says he needs to understand me but I live in my head.  

I used to enjoy my life and previous partners and I got along well most of the time. I was married for 10 years before he cheated. So my current partner believes lots of my issues are from that and I'm not used to him standing up to me because I've always picked weak men before who were likely DA too. 

I just don't know if me/the DA is really responsible for everything,I've been willing to change and work on my behaviour but when things go wrong or I mess up he tells me I'm not even trying. I'm just fed up of being told I'm needing to change yet him telling me he puts up with all my shit because I'm worth it when I'm 'nice'.  At this point I honestly crave being alone but I feel so guilty because everything bad about DA is so true for me and I constantly feel like a piece of shit whereas I thought I was pretty mentally stable up til recently. He constantly tells me what I do is abuse and tbh I'm scared he's right. 

I honestly don't know if I'm just a terrible person to him only because of DA, narcissism, emotional immaturity or if we just bring out the toxic side of each other. 