Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Health Anxiety (or?...)
Author: HistoricalSink9759
Score: 6
Created UTC: 2024-12-30 16:15:00
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hpqooi/health_anxiety_or/

TL;DR  question: Does anyone else out there have health anxiety, and how have you managed with breast cancer?

Been visiting here since late November when I was dx, rb, stage 1, gr 2. E+ only. Above all, I'm so grateful for the honesty, heart, heartbreak and triumph those in this community are willing to share. Here's where I am: first surgical oncologist was taking too long to schedule surgery so have decided to go with the surgeon who did my (preplanned) second opinion right before the holiday; I really feel confident in the second surgeon and hospital, and looks like it will be lumpectomy in the coming two weeks, then rads then AI (post menopause). 

I've always had some health anxiety, but I have had increasing gastric and back pain and shortness of breath over the past several weeks. Some of this began last year before dx, and I saw a gastro and mentioned it to GP.  A lot of gurgles and pain under ribs, mostly right but not only. Neither did anything about it, just recommended FODMAP. Discussed this with the first surgeon when I had my first appointment. She said contact gastro again; I did this time he dxed IBS based on physical exam, and I had normal colonoscopy.  The advice from surgeon's NP was if it gets bad go to the ER. 

This advice has kept me in a health anxiety hell for four or five weeks. I feel terror all day that I have mets and notice every pinch, pain and twinge.  I swing between actually going to ER and trying to live with/learn to deal with this health anxiety because this  is really only the beginning of what I imagine will be a mental health gauntlet. I tell myself that they'd know from MRI  at least preliminarily, if it's in lymphs (is this correct?), but that even if not, the steps with dissection etc. will reveal things in due time. I see a therapist regularly and have for years. She seems to swing too, though, between telling me to be proactive and telling me to try to trust the process!

I'd really appreciate any stories at all! 