Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Best friend MIA since cancer diagnosis 
Author: Afraid-Scratch4492
Score: 44
Created UTC: 2025-01-11 13:20:09
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hyvpsz/best_friend_mia_since_cancer_diagnosis/

I just got home from my single mastectomy and auxiliary clearance, I’m feeling positive about it and so supported by family and friends. Except for my best friend. She was out of town in her mums holiday house for the summer holidays (Australian) when I got my diagnosis. 3hours away, enjoying the beach and some time off. She was one of the only people I told in that early stage because she is my dearest friend. I sent her a message to let her know I had breast cancer… and that I needed to keep the phone line open as I was waiting on a call back for a specialist appointment. She sent a short message saying ‘keep me posted, love you’. 

Since then she has not checked in though I have sent some updates. When I told her my surgery date she responded with ‘so soon!!!’ She is normally back and forth from her mums to her home right near me. It’s been 4weeks she’s stayed away. All I get are brisk sort of up-beat sounding texts ; ‘miss you!’ ‘love you!’ but it’s strange and superficial. She has no idea what hell I’ve been going through and doesn’t seem to want to be there for me in any real way. I had a nightmare we had fight. It keeps popping into my mind and makes me feel deep hurt. Much as I try to put it out of my mind. Meanwhile other friends I don’t know nearly as well have been incredibly warm and checking in, offering to help with my young girls, swinging by with a treat. Writing beautiful thoughtful generous things. 

Today after I sent a group text that id woken from surgery etc, she respond with ‘yay your bad boob is gone!!!’ Like easy peasy, all done 🙄 she doesn’t know that I’ll likely be put through early menopause, radiation and chemo. And be coping with these implications for the rest of my life. 

I’m puzzled to say the least but don’t feel I have to energy to ‘go there’ with her to find resolution in myself. I just want to focus on healing and bringing good vibes into my life, but this has preoccupied my mind
