Subreddit: cancer
Title: KEYTRUDA side effects; I think I’m having weird ones to do with eyesight
Author: Kilnufrmdaktchen
Score: 10
Created UTC: 2024-12-27 07:34:59
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/1hn9ss3/keytruda_side_effects_i_think_im_having_weird/

Hi I’m stage 4 triple negative metastatic breast cancer diagnosed at 35. I used to have Mets in my lungs and lymphnode but they are gone. Just had lumpectomy in my left breast margins are clear, WOOHOO! *I know I can never be cured since I’m stage 4 but it won’t stop me from trying*

Radiation next but my main question is about ✨KEYTRUDA✨

So I have been on keytruda every almost 3 weeks since February 2024. I started off at 400 mg and now I’m at 200mg. I believe I’m rolling up on my 21st session in about a week. (Weirdly I had 21 rounds of chemo taxol and carbo cocktail) ended that in July. 


My side effects with Keytruda: started with joint paint, Zyrtec cleared that up or time not sure. The fatigue but I have my tired days down to a science now. DRY skin, especially in the winter it’s been pretty bad, Hypothyroidism, I’m on medication for about a month right now. And the acne blisters that are painful that come and go SUCK! 

I think the Keytruda has been causing eye issues. Recently I’ve had terrible light sensitivity even to fluorescent lights, I even notice while I play video games and dry eyes but very bad. I also get this weird sensation where I thought it was panic attacks where I have an episode that I have to close my eyes because I get this weird blurry vision then I panic and it turns into an actual panic attacks. Now I’m not sure if it’s caused by the Thyroid meds because it’s been happening about a month minus the blurry panic attack episodes. 

Has anyone experienced these eye sight effects? 

Keytruda has essentially helped keep me alive, so Im afraid to have me come off it but if its the culprit I don’t want to loose my eye sight or have these get worse. Maybe there’s another immunotherapy out there… I hope? Or a cure to the eyesight thing. 