Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Presurgical MRI - Non Mass Enhancement?
Author: alexahopeshigh
Score: 4
Created UTC: 2024-12-31 21:04:51
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hqo0iu/presurgical_mri_non_mass_enhancement/

Alright ladies,

I've officially completed Neoadjuvant TCx4 for ++- Grade 3 IDC with a good response, interval shrinkage of all right breast masses (3 of 'em) in my upper outer quadrant - During my pre-surgical preparations I was asked if I wanted another MRI to which I figured "Why not give all the information possible to my surgeon" - Welp, kicking myself in the ass a tiny bit because MRI showed a small area (6mm) of linear non mass enhancement in the same breast, lower inner quadrant.

Curious how many of you have been through this with non-malignant outcomes from MRI guided biopsy? Could this be nothing? What's the likelihood that this is a new spot of cancer not noted on my pre-chemo MRI, given the fact that I completed all my dose-dense chemos on time and with no reductions? Wouldn't the chemo have addressed a new area growing? 

My surgery (Lumpectomy with SLNB) is scheduled for January 9th - next Thursday; Surgeon's NP called today wanting to schedule an MRI guided biopsy ahead of surgery and I know I sort of have to do this, but Wtf. I asked to speak with my surgeon directly to see how he feels about this because he's got \~30 years in the game.

  
Attaching MRI results below:

BREAST COMPOSITION: The breasts are composed of extreme fibroglandular tissue.  
BACKGROUND ENHANCEMENT: Mild.  
  
FINDINGS:  
Right breast: There is a biopsy clip within the right breast at 10 o'clock posterior depth with associated residual enhancing mass which has decreased in size from prior now measuring up to 0.5 cm (series 60150 image 103) corresponding to site of known malignancy. There is a biopsy clip within the right breast at 9 o'clock posterior depth with faint residual hazy nonmass enhancement.  
  
There is linear nonmass enhancement measuring up to 0.6 cm within the right lower inner breast at posterior depth(series 60150 image 73 and series 6 image 57).

  
IMPRESSION:  
1. Near complete resolution of previously visualized enhancing masses within the right breast at 9 and 10 o'clock, with minimal residual nonmass enhancement at 9 o'clock and a 0.5 cm enhancing mass at 10 o'clock. Overall, findings are compatible with treatment response.  
2. New area of linear nonmass enhancement within the right lower inner breast at posterior depth. Recommend attempting MRI guided biopsy for further evaluation, although given posterior location this may not be assessable for biopsy.  
BI-RADS: 4: Suspicious  
Follow Up Recommendation: Biopsy