Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Bay Area breast surgeon recommendation
Author: newbie_breastcancer
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-08 17:46:36
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hwq4cz/bay_area_breast_surgeon_recommendation/

Hello, I have sadly joined the club, never thought I would join this club as I have no family history, now I learned family history doesn’t matter. Routine mammogram on 12/13/24, diagnostic mammogram on 12/20/24, sterostatic biopsy on 1/2, my family Dr called me on 1/3 evening telling me biopsy result was DCIS intermediate grade with comedonecrosis. She told me to make an appointment with a surgeon and they will likely schedule more testing. She gave me 4 surgeon names and based on Google search I picked one and called to make my first appointment. As my family Dr called me on Friday evening before I go back to work the following Monday from holiday break, all I did was cried most of the weekend.
I cannot call to make appointments as it was weekend.
Those two days were hard!!! I have a 7 yo and I worry so much I can't watch her grow up and I don't want to leave my husband behind as well. Barely ate or slept that weekend and lost 5 lbs already (I guess fastest way to lose weight is telling someone they have cancer). Had my first virtual meeting with nurse yesterday (standard process with Stanford Health Care) who went through the biopsy report in details (biopsy report was amended to add ES+ (10-20%) with no testing on PR or HER2. Nurse said HER2 is not standard testing for DCIS, and if surgeon wants she can request for PR testing. Nurse scheduled appointment with breast surgeon next Thursday (1/16) and requested MRI which was approved and I scheduled it for tomorrow (1/9). Stanford standard protocol was also just meet with surgeon first, discuss options, follow by surgery, then multidiscipline appointment with Radiation and Medicine Oncologists after surgery. I have lurked around this forum and thought multidiscipline appointment usually happens before surgery? Anyways, my current surgeon is Dr. Bao from Stanford, my family Dr also gave me couple names from UCS which I am thinking to make an appt with Dr Abe (UCSF) for second opinion after I meet with Dr Bao.
Anyone has experience with either of these Dr or any recommendation on Bay Area breast surgeon? I read both Stanford and UCSF are better than Sutter? I am so worried my MRI or surgery will reveal more, can't stop crying.
Thanks in advance!