Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Ok yall my surgery is tomorrow, send me all your advice and good vibes 
Author: Training_Box_4786
Score: 32
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 16:34:39
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1i0hzzc/ok_yall_my_surgery_is_tomorrow_send_me_all_your/

I’m having a BMX with DTI tomorrow morning.  My 3mm ILC tumor was found following a standard breast reduction in September. Apparently they take a sample from the removed tissue following a breast reduction and send it to the lab as part of breast cancer research. It rarely comes back showing cancer.  I have had scans every year since turning 40 (I’m 45) and have even had to go back for ultrasounds and 3 d mammos due to the density of my breasts. Each time I was told I only had benign cysts. I’m lucky that my cancer was found early and while my drs recommended 3 weeks of radiation on my entire right breast (since they have no idea about margins or if there’s any remaining pieces of the tumor or where it is, I had a contrast mri in October but my dr told me that none of these scans would pick up errant cancer cells or tiny tumors), I have chosen to have a BMX with DTI. The pathology shows ILCIS in addition to the ILC in my right breast and atypical ductal hyperplasia in my left. My grandmother had a BMX in her mid 40’s along with my great aunt, and there’s a lot of colon cancer in my family. I have a mutated PMS2 gene that is associated with Lynch syndrome and as much as they say it doesn’t cause breast cancer, I’m confident that future research will prove otherwise. I chose to go on a family road trip to visit family in the PNW from NorCal over my 5 year old son’s winter break and didn’t prep myself at all for this surgery. 

Anyway, here’s to taking a “too aggressive” approach to hopefully remove any cells that want to become cancerous in the future. I’ve asked for nerve blocks, a prescription for zofran, and the scopolamine patch. I’m going to push to stay overnight. And I’m going to hope for the best. I’m on the verge of tears constantly and feel a mess but I feel comforted knowing I have this community to support me. 

Sending you all strength and lots of love. 