Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: I hate my post-surgery body
Author: jack_salmon
Score: 59
Created UTC: 2024-12-11 22:05:52
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hc5gun/i_hate_my_postsurgery_body/

Maybe hate is too strong a word. Sometimes I think my AFC side looks kind of cool. But I was hoping to feel better once I got over the surgery hurdle and I don't. I actually feel worse. It's really hard to accept that the girl in the mirror is me, and that my breast is gone forever. It's a change that I hate and resent.

My prognosis is really good. Stage 1a, waiting on a FISH test to know if it's TNBC or --+. Either way I might get away with just mastectomy and monitoring due to the tininess of the tumors (2mm, 1mm, 1mm). Basically my whole boob was grade 3 DCIS so it's surprising how little invasive disease there was. Meeting with my oncologist next month to hear her recommendation.

In our little BC club I know I'm one of the lucky ones. But godddddd the body change is so hard. I don't want to be vain but I just am. Looking in the mirror is a gut punch every time.

My surgeon did a good job with contouring the chest wall. There's no lumps or excess skin. But the scar isn't perfectly horizontal like I expected; it's downturned (which I REALLY didn't want) and wiggly. It looks stupid. And my clothes look stupid on me now. The numbness is in a greater area than I expected and I hate that too.

Every day I cry about it. I feel like such a baby but it EATS at me when my body doesn't look how I want. I've been like this my whole life. Therapy hasn't really made a dent in it. It's hard to not care about beauty when we receive messaging since birth that it's imperative to be thin and attractive. I'm certainly no supermodel but losing a breast means losing that status and it HURTS.

I don't regret going flat. Reconstruction is not the path for me. But even though I know the surgery saved my life part of me regrets doing it at all. It's made me so miserable. I feel so angry that I had to do this. And it gives so much fodder for my inner critic.

I have a therapist. I have support. But it isn't helping that much. I'm trying to just ride the emotional waves and be kind to myself but it's hard.

I don't really know where I'm going with this but thanks for listening. Dumping all my emotional shit on this sub has really helped me deal. I appreciate all of you. Hope you're having a better day than me.



ETA:
Hey so this is no longer a recent post, but in case anyone comes across it in the future by googling "hate my body after mastecomy reddit" I wanted to leave some thoughts I've been having since I posted this last week.

I realized I have been focusing on a few mm of concavity at my AFC site or whether my scar is perfectly straight. And I've been cruel to myself about the change in my appearance after BC surgery.

But I just had a brush with death.

If I didn't get a mastectomy cancer would have grown and spread and taken over my body. I've been preoccupied with very minor cosmetic concerns... I need to remember that I could have DIED. 100 years ago this would have killed me. But in 2024 I very probably get to live! It is worth sacrificing a breast for a second chance on life.

It is okay to feel sad and mourn the loss of our breasts. Unwanted appearance changes are hard.

But I see now that when I wrote this post I was stuck in a depressed self-critisim loop. I feel a little ashamed of writing the original post. We're all here for support and encouragement with our BC sisters. I wouldn't want my depressed, mean thoughts about my amazing & resilient body to validate any self-hatred that you may have about your own post-surgery body. I'm sorry if reading this made you feel crappy. I've been struggling with my depression since my dx and my negative thoughts in this (and many of my other) posts is depression talking. And distorted, depressed thoughts should not be believed. Please don't believe that your body is lesser in any way due to the marks left by treatment.

I was very misguided to think my mx was ugly. My one-boob body is actually awesome. YOUR body is awesome, whatever surgeries you've had. Please don't waste your energy hating your reflection like I have been doing lately. Our scars are badass. They're visible proof that we fought to survive. I'm looking at mine now and I'm proud of it. I like it. I hope that anyone who reads this is feeling love towards their body too, however it looks.