Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: 3yrs ago today I started my breast cancer journey.
Author: Brilliant-Egg3704
Score: 19
Created UTC: 2024-12-31 06:34:11
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hq8vdf/3yrs_ago_today_i_started_my_breast_cancer_journey/

I woke up at 4:14am. I looked at the time because I was in a lot of pain. My right breast hurt and there was a lump there that wasn't there the day before.  I went to the walk in and diagnosed with mastitis.  At 50(at the time) I laughed because I was too old for that diagnosis but took the antibiotics because  I really wanted it to be true. I spent new years eve in the er because the pain was so bad. They recommended I see their breast clinic asap. When I called I was told I had to wait till Feb 16th 22. I knew this was serious and went to another hospital walk in and had to start the process all over except the doctor knew it was cancer too. When she stepped out and came back in she told me the breast clinic would call me soon. I had barely left the parking garage when the clinic called laughing about how persistent this Dr was. She called and left 3 messages. I knew it was bad then. By the time feb 16th rolled around I had my diagnosed and was set up with my surgery and plan. I was lucky because my cancer was fast growing and one of the 1%  It was shaped like a sperm sorry best description I can tell you the "tail" was millimeters from entering my chest wall. My treatment was at the tail end of C and I felt so rushed so not heard when something changed or came up. I was given a pill that would put me in menopause but the dr wouldn't hear me when I said I couldn't go through that again. And was pisswd when i refused to take the pill. After 24 rounds of radiation I rang the bell. Tell me why am I still freaking out about today and the next big event day. I found a mole on my cancer side  breast it wasn't there before and now I can't breath. I can't go through this again. Last year on January 2, 2023 the first breast clinic called to set me up with an appointment.  I am triggered at days and little things and I know I need to talk to a therapist I have tried for a year and no one takes my insurance. How do I move past this because it's almost as worse as the cancer itself. 
Sorry I have no one to talk to. My family is dealing with their own life and i am alone in this.