Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Am I crazy to do a DMX with immediate recon for Stage 1 IDC?
Author: SackRN-0421
Score: 7
Created UTC: 2024-12-16 05:52:00
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hfcjfw/am_i_crazy_to_do_a_dmx_with_immediate_recon_for/

I feel like I'm going crazy here. I keep going back and forth on what I should do, I just hate that I have to make this decision! I was just diagnosed with IDC +++, they think it is Stage 1 right now, but have to confirm when the tumor is removed. So far, no known lymph node involvement (based on ultrasound) again have to wait on further testing from a biopsy.

The original surgeon (general surgeon- I was hoping it was a benign lump that would need to be removed) I saw made it seem like a lumpectomy would be the best option. But the oncologist (whom I love so far) Said he didn't want to sway me one way or the other, but kinda really made it sound like a SMX or DMX would be better- no radiation,  just chemo and herceptin. And also that I'd have less chance of recurrence or new BC popping up. 

I'm seeing a breast surgeon oncologist on Monday for a 2nd opinion and because. She works with a plastic surgeon to do immediate reconstruction. I feel torn. Even though I don't particularly identify myself by my breasts and I was actually planning on a reduction and lift in the next few years anyway...Am I going overkill with this? 

I guess I'm afraid of how they'll look afterward? I don't want radiation and I don't want to worry about them not getting it all or having it pop back up again. I guess I'm looking for stories of your experiences? I don't think I'll regret a DMX but I know I'd regret a lumpectomy  if they don't get it all and it spreads or returns. 

I feel a little silly even posting this, but my brain is still in a spiral from even having to go through all of this. 

Do you regret doing DMX over lumpectomy?? And any specific questions or concerns that I need to ask about my treatment?? I am an RN and will definitely be looking a lot of things up, however, I am not an oncology nurse, so a lot of this is fairly new to me. Especially coming at it from the patient's side.