Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Breastfeeding with Cancer
Author: Appropriate_Ratio321
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2024-12-28 20:55:02
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hof2la/breastfeeding_with_cancer/

I'm a 30 YO mom of one beautiful boob-loving baby boy who just turned 9 months old a few days ago. I found out I have DCIS Grade 2 two weeks ago. So far they haven't found any other areas of concern, which I'm very grateful for. They are doing more imaging this week to figure out how large the cancer area is. It's been hard to see on imaging because I'm breastfeeding.

Currently I'm weaning on one side to try and prepare for surgery. I'm grappling with the decision of lumpectomy vs. mastectomy and would love to hear from anyone who's already made this decision, especially any young moms, and how the they have felt about it. 

After many years of struggling with my self image, I've finally come to appreciate and love my body for all of its life-giving power. And now I'm considering parting with my breast to avoid the cancer returning along with the side effects of radiation and tampxophin or other drugs that would help my treatment. I have a strong family history of bc so I feel like my odds of getting it again are high. My husband and I also want to have another baby this year (and another after that!) and I want to minimize anything that might interfere with that. Although I hate to think about losing this part of myself I have heard you lose feelings and your ability to breastfeed in the radiated side anyway so I'm not sure how much benefit comes from the lumpectomy radiation route?

Also I have to wean the baby on the cancer side before surgery and it's been a long, uncomfortable process. I only have a couple of weeks left so I am doing everything I can (down to nursing once a day for a minute on that side) to stop. I'm nervous about getting mastitis and also anxious that baby isn't getting enough on just the one side. Is there anyone out there who's been able to do this successfully?