Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: 36F - IDC diagnosed only after lumpectomy 
Author: Complete_Bear
Score: 7
Created UTC: 2025-01-07 02:42:50
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hvhcnn/36f_idc_diagnosed_only_after_lumpectomy/

I (36F) was diagnosed today with IDC.  I weaned off breastfeeding my youngest around September 2024 and felt a movable lump. Had an ultrasound which found a 3cm mass and was then directed to have a mammogram (which confirmed a 3cm mass, BIRADs 4). I was then referred to my local breast health centre where I had another ultrasound confirming the 3cm mass followed by a core biopsy. The mass was very mobile and was suspected to be a fibradenoma or phyllodes tumour. Interestingly, the core biopsy came back as neither and only some “mild adenosis” and no malignancy. The radiologist ruled it concordant, which surprised me. I feel they missed the spot.

After the biopsy, the mass seemed to grow aggressively. It was clearly protruding and my skin started to look purple/bruised from stretching of the tumour. I went back to my surgeon who said it could be due to a hematoma from the biopsy. It was causing me daily pain so we made the decision to have a lumpectomy. At this point, clinically the surgeon felt it was about 5cm. Still suspected to be a fibroadenoma or phyllodes. 

Had my lumpectomy on Dec 31st and everything went smoothly. The initial surgery report indicated that mass was about 7cm (unclear how much of it was tumour vs hematoma, also don’t know if it matters).

I’m still waiting for the final report on what stage, receptors etc but got the call today that it is IDC. 

Most posts I have read here consider “larger” tumours around 2.5cm and I’m freaking out that mine might have been 7cm. It seems most do chemo first to shrink the tumour and then surgery. Of course, I don’t have the option anymore. Thoughts? What questions should I ask? I am told a number of appointments will be scheduled for me in the next week including a CT and genetics appt.

My mind is spinning out of control. My babies are 3.5 and 1.5 years old and I am so afraid of what’s ahead. 
