Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: This seems so minor in comparison to what others are dealing with right now, but maybe someone else will benefit from my little rant
Author: GittaFirstOfHerName
Score: 47
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 22:22:46
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1i1i8kk/this_seems_so_minor_in_comparison_to_what_others/

I'm exhausted today. I'm exhausted today and I know -- like my brain *knows* \-- that it's okay, and yet I'm still feeling like I'm slacking.

Diagnosed (60F, stage 1 IDC, ++-) in February 2024. Lumpectomy in April. Two weeks of proton radiation (10 sessions, five passes each session) ended at the end of June.

Yesterday, I went into the office for a half day for the first time in a long time. We're being forced back in, and I made the best of it. Was my usual brilliant, engaging, productive, talented self. (And, yes, I 100% know how lucky I am to work remotely so much of the time.)

The five hours I was there absolutely knocked me out. I was useless for the rest of the day. As it happens, yesterday is what I've come to think of as a "radiation" day -- a day when I'm off in ways I never was before radiation, a day when I feel like I'm walking through a vat of Jello. These days hit at random. Some days my energy is nearly where it was pre-cancer. Some days I'm okay but not great. Some days -- like yesterday -- are really, really, really, really difficult.

In September, my surgeon told me to cut myself some slack, that some people have a very hard time with any radiation and that it can take up to two years for some people's bodies to deal with it. She said that I'm likely someone who needs time, that I'm normal, that I'm good in fact.

But today I feel useless. I've worked all day but I just want to sleep.

Also, as a usually high-energy human, everyone I encountered yesterday expected the pre-cancer, radiant (no pun intended) me, full of what was once my signature energy, empathy, and appropriate but pretty glaring positivity. Plus problem solving. Plus innovation. Plus plus plus plus plus.

Will I ever be that human again? I don't know.

And to top it all off, I cried like a baby last week when I made my appointment for my upcoming annual mammogram, and now I am filled with a dread that I didn't even know existed.

Sisters (and brothers) who are going through so much more than this, you have all my love.

P.S. -- and by "benefit" from my rant, I mean that maybe someone else feels the same way, feels crappy about it, and knows now that they're not alone.