Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Chemo tips
Author: Rafaela_Nesti
Score: 13
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 11:28:07
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1i140pn/chemo_tips/

Good morning, girls!

  
So I was diagnosed with early triple positive tubular breast cancer (if I remember correctly, it was grade 3, downgraded to grade 2 after operation, but everything is a blur around that time) in the beginning of July 2024. In the end of July I had my operation and had to wait for a few weeks to have the imaging tests done to discus the rest of the treatment with the doctors.

Im a Brazilian living in the UK, I have to say that doctorwise everything is really different. Back in Brazil I would receive all the treatments on the first day and would need to run after approvals from the health insurance. Here I have everything authorised (so far), but it’s like a video game: from every phase I conclude, the next one starts and I almost have no idea what’s it’s going to happen.

Last week I had my last chemo (which was delayed after a Covid positive test) and now I’m trying to be well for my daughter’s birthday on Friday. But I have to tell you all that Covid brain + chemo brain + menopause brain have been funny, to say the least. Let’s hope for the best.

Anyway, I wanted to share my experience as chemo was one of my biggest fears in life. It wasn’t easy, but it wasn’t as terrible as I imagined. I feel that there are some tips that I could share:

I coldcapped. With my little one being so emotional with everything, i thought i needed to try everything in my power to bring some normalcy to her. It’s not fun, but I was able to do it without realising. what I would do was: a bit before they started, i would take the pain reliever and something to calm me down (as I struggle with anxiety). And as soon as they turned the machine on, i would turn on something to watch and focus the first 15-20 min on what i was watching. Suddenly I would notice that I wasn’t feeling the coldcap anymore.

I bought really moisture (is that the word?) for the body and hair. I took some hair/skin/nails vitamins and a multivitamin as well. Also colagen. I sleep with silk / cetim cap and use silk / cetim scrunchies. I’m 5 days after chemo and I can say that I kept most my hair and it feels healthy. Im happy to share everything that I’m using if someone is curious!

I’ve been, however, struggling with my face skin in the area that usually is sensitive. by the 7th-10th day after chemo it feels it’s burnt. A few things helped a little (including green light led face mask). But nothing solved it.

The really worst thing for me was the immunotherapy pain. I feel nothing I’ve tried helped. At least it lasts about a day.

I wanted to bring some good message after a few rants and scared posts. And if I can help at least one person I will be really happy. It’s been a tough journey for me since last July and, apparently, I’ll be on this journey at least until November (when the target treatment finishes). In my mind I’m planning lots of things to celebrate, but I’m not sure how, when or if I’m going to be able to. When i got the diagnosis I thought it was going to be easier, now I feel that it’s really cancer. It’s chemo, radiotherapy, target treatment, menopause. Nothing is easy, even if it was caught really early.

For a reference, my chemo treatment was 4 rounds of TC chemo (60 mg?). I struggle with anxiety, vasovagal syndrome and don’t have a family to take care of me. Luckily I have friends who came through and really took care of us 4 (my daughter, husband, dog and me). I felt loved for the first time in a while ( if I don’t count my daughter, husband and dog).

anyway, I’ve tried to write a post to help others, but the foggy brain on steroids may have made it go into a journey… hope i was able to bring some good news for you! :)

