Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Letter to the friends who disappeared.
Author: jolyberu
Score: 97
Created UTC: 2024-12-09 13:06:31
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1ha9aqw/letter_to_the_friends_who_disappeared/

Lying wide awake with a hot flash 3 days after my 3rd TC infusion and I couldn’t stop thinking about these 2 friends that I thought were close friends that I had been friends with since middle school. They are sweet, kind, loving women, but they totally disappeared when they learned of my diagnosis back in September. I was lying there crafting a letter in my head, and I decided to get up and write it so I could maybe get some sleep. I don’t know when or if I’ll send it, but I wanted to share it here in case any of you could use it.
Dear Sarah and Gina,

Hello my friends, I am writing this to you because I can express myself best in writing and because I want to be honest with you. I think our 30 plus years of friendship requires that.
In the cancer community it is well known and much discusses that when you get your diagnosis you make decisions about who you are going to tell. This is s scary thing because once people know its up to them how they will react. Some people who you didn’t think you were very close to may end up totally surprising you and becoming huge supports and you build strong relationships with them. People who you thought were close friends, who you have known for a long time may disappear. 
I remember in the beginning, once I had my actual results and I had the plan for treatment, I still didn’t want to tell people because I didn’t really want to find out who my real friends were. I was afraid. But, as it turned out I did/do have real friends that showed up and supported me and people that I hadn’t had a particularly close relationship with surprised me and gave me amazing support. I’m so grateful and lucky for that. I know that there are many people that do not have support through cancer.

So now I get to the hard part. I did/do have friends who I’ve known for a long time and who I thought were “real ones” who basically disappeared. I know that there are so many reasons for this. Life is busy, cancer is scary, on and on. But for me the fact is, at this point in my life the only friendships worth having are the ones where you show up for each other. I’m sorry if you feel I haven’t shown up for you, so you feel this is what I deserved. 
I’m not angry. I was confused and disappointed, but not angry. There is nothing to repair. You did as much as you were able to do and in some ways I can understand. 
I know there are people in your life who you will and do show up for when life hits them with the real scary shit. I’m sure you will be and are a wonderful support to them.

I’m writing this because when I’m on the other side of active treatment you may be thinking, “oh yay, we can go back to normal. Let’s plan our next fun get together.” But for me I have no interest in planning a fun get together with people who were not there for the hard stuff. My whole life has changed, and I can’t go back. I can only go forward and I want to go forward with the people who showed up. I don’t have to explain to them what it was like or how I have changed, because they already know. 

I’m not saying our friendship is over. I would not throw away 30 plus years of friendship. I’m just saying that for me we aren’t what I thought we were. We aren’t close friends who really know each other and are there for each other, maybe we haven’t been for quite some time and I just didn’t realize. We are old friends who text each other on holidays and birthdays or with funny reminiscings. That is enough. I love you both and I still want you in my life in our little text exchange. Its enough. 
