Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: How do you like to exercise?
Author: ooooh-shiny
Score: 15
Created UTC: 2025-01-01 04:18:12
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hqvg7w/how_do_you_like_to_exercise/

I noticed on a lifestyle changes post that so many of you are exercising regularly. I know you're supposed to, but I got depressed during chemo and have spent most of the year on the couch. I haven't exercised except for playing badminton once a week for about a month (my badminton partner is currently mad at me). 

I tried to start jogging but fell off the wagon after only a few outings because a chest infection. I could start doing that again, but it was kind of a pathetic start anyway. I'm so weak right now. I've been through depressive episodes before, and other periods of little movement, but I've never been this unfit. I'm not sure how much chemo / chemopause has affected my muscles and joints, but everything hurts and I get tired ridiculously quickly. 

I used to climb, and rollerskate, but I don't think I can go back to either of those activities because of my lymphoedema - if I injure my arm skating, I'm fucked, and climbing is one of those things that might be too strenuous for a lymphoedemic limb. I'll try it, but if I get swelling I'll have to stop. It was helpful though, that my methods of exercise were recreational rather than abstract. I've never been motivated to do "pure exercise" with no element of fun attached, so even though I'm going to ask my GP if I can get a subsidised gym membership (there's a scheme in the UK) I'm not sure if I'd develop any kind of attachment to or consistency with going to the gym. I need intrinsic motivation; avoiding negative consequences doesn't do it for me. 

What kind of exercise do you guys enjoy, enough to do it regularly? I just turned 30, and it was important for me to get serious about exercising regularly anyway. My twin sister is SO fit - she's a climbing instructor and goes to gymnastics classes too, so she's just absolutely jacked, and it's hard to see what could be versus my noodle body that is! 