Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: All over the place: PCR? Chemopause? Hair regrowth? Reconstruction? I have questions now that there's a light at the end of the tunnel.
Author: tootsie_B
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-03 04:27:24
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hse2z4/all_over_the_place_pcr_chemopause_hair_regrowth/

Sorry, it's long...

TL:DR history; Pagets, - - +, stage 3, grade 3b, no known genetic markers, possible lymph involvement, but nothing felt or seen when trying to biopsy, and after several months waiting to start chemo, the surgeon pushed my oncologist to just start and let her do node tests during surgery, TCHP completed 5/6 today. Surgery potentially end of Feb?

Since I'm getting close to being done with active treatments, I have questions.. so many questions. I was told by the oncologist today we will follow up at my next chemo at the end of the month to determine next steps (ie scans and surgery). I had some visible tumor coming through by my nipple and previous surgery scar, and by round 2 they were mostly gone/healed, which makes me optimistic about PCR. Any signs or concerns about not achieving PCR i should look out for? What came after not receiving PCR? I was already told by my surgeon that I will likely have to lose my nipple in this. How did you all prepare for that? Are there questions I should ask in preparation for that? (My surgeon has been a wonderful advocate in all of this, and I appreciate her and her advice so much)

I had my period during round 2. My generally predictable, always constant cycle was 11ish days (instead of ~5) and was terrible. I also had the worst side effects from chemo to date. Since then, around when my cycle should start, I get back pains and small acne (like a normal cycle), but it's stopped and I've not had a cycle since. I've heard several talk about chemopause, but I've not really had other symptoms. Is this normal? After active treatments did your cycles restart? The only other time I've been significantly late was after diagnosis and during the scans/portal install period of stress through this. 

I've lost about 80% of my hair. Some of it is still actively trying to grow, while others are falling out. My eyebrows are trying to make a slow escape. Other areas are starting to come back. Did anyone do anything to help Jumpstart hair regrowth? 

My oncologist is a little.. foreign. I've heard fantastic things about him medically, but not the best about his bedside manner. He's not been rude, he's been quite thorough (i feel) with testing. But because a Pagets diagnosis is considered rare, its been the only case this office has personally treated. I opted not to get a asecond opinion, because from everything I've read here, the treatment plans seemed entirely on point. BUT the details we all obsess over have been, glazed over a bit more than I like. There's a language barrier and requires a lot of questions to be funneled through nursing staff, which is fantastic, but impossible to reach. It's a rural area, and they're fairly busy, so it's just hard to spend a whole day playing phone tag for questions that are hypothetical or seem irrelevant to a lot of things. 

My surgeon has been wonderful in suggesting things, advocating, pushing treatment, advising me the same way shed advise friends/family, and I appreciate her to no end. She's suggested we do an lumpectomy, complete treatment (I will still do HP, and potentially radiation), and after I complete both, look into doing a mastectomy/ reconstruction at the end of the year. She said she believes there will be reduced risk for complications and it will yield a better result. From everything I've seen, that makes sense to me. 

Again, sorry for the length. I think I just need input to focus on/prepare for going forward. Thanks in advance for any input. Sorry we're all here, but thanks for all the support you guys provide 💜