Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Diagnosed one year after losing my mom to breast cancer, same gene mutation (ATM). Surgeon is pushing lumpectomy, seeking advice.
Author: miss_oddball
Score: 42
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 23:56:12
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1i0sk3l/diagnosed_one_year_after_losing_my_mom_to_breast/

I got my biopsy results on 1/8. I lost my mom 1/2/2024. In 2023 I found out I carry the same ATM gene mutation, c7271T>G, and started screenings that year. I was told my BC risk is 68%. I'm incredibly grateful I have the knowledge of this mutation, otherwise it's possible I'd be in much worse shape by the time I started mammograms.

Watching my mom suffer and pass away from cancer was traumatic, she was stage 4 IDC by the time she was diagnosed. Four months after she passed I had major abdominal surgery to remove large uterine fibroids. A month after that I was in a car accident causing head and neck injuries that I'm still recovering from. I'm exhausted.

I had a consult with a breast surgeon today. I have high grade DCIS with comedonecrosis. Estrogen and progesterone positive. Mammo was normal prior year. I feel fortunate it was caught early. My health history includes endometriosis, adenomyosis, uterine fibroids, pre-cancerous colon polyps, and thyroid cancer (which seems to be returning). All things that are making me feel REALLY IFFY about going the lumpectomy route the surgeon is pushing.

She's pushing lumpectomy because the DCIS area is small and I need cervical spine fusion soon (thanks car accident) and I can get that done faster this way. I also have a 12.5cm cyst in my pelvis that I'm trying to get a diagnosis for and may need surgery on as well.

I brought up DIEP flap as a mastectomy option. She said I'd be a great candidate but emphasized it's two surgeries and a rough recovery with big incisions, then went back to talking about the lumpectomy.

I work as an artist and travel around the US for shows. I canceled my current gig which leaves 4 months open for me. I have support and help for recovery. I have 8 weeks availability in the fall to do more surgery and 4 weeks in the winter if necessary. I don't know when I'll have this flexibility again. Or money to get me by while not working. Or insurance.

The surgeon didn't mention meds, but tamoxifen seems to be the standard after lumpectomy and radiation? I'm reading it can exacerbate and even cause the reproductive issues I've already been fighting most of my life. I would probably throw myself off a bridge if it gets any worse. 

To boot, the surgeon didn't seem familiar with my particular variant of ATM having similar risk as BRCA2 which was frustrating in itself.

It's not making sense in my brain to go the lumpectomy + radiation + meds route just to continue screenings every 6 months for the rest of my life and still possibly need a double mastectomy. Seems like a lot of unnecessary BS to put my body and mind through. The only positives of a lumpectomy for me are more time with my boobs (I like them, they're nice) and short surgery recovery.

Overall I like this surgeon. She's highly recommended. If I get a lumpectomy I can get it done as soon as the 24th. I'm spiraling at the thought of going through with something I don't feel on board with, but she seemed to dig in her heels at the idea of a mastectomy. Maybe I'm completely missing something in all of this?

Is it normal to schedule a lumpectomy without discussing the extent of radiation treatment or meds? Or is that all figured out after final pathology in case it comes back as invasive?

Anyone with endo or adeno who takes tamoxifen? How does it affect you?

Anyone with ATM mutation that went the lumpectomy route? How are you feeling now? If you got a mastectomy, what helped make your decision and what kind did you get? If you had to advocate for yourself, were there any specific sources or info you shared with your doctor?

If you got a second opinion, how did that work out for you?

I've been scouring this subreddit for a while, being here makes me feel so much less alone. Y'all seriously rock. I appreciate any insight.