Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Does anyone feel less robust after chemo, even when not neutropenic?
Author: ooooh-shiny
Score: 10
Created UTC: 2024-12-15 00:25:07
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hegm46/does_anyone_feel_less_robust_after_chemo_even/

I was in and out of the hospital for a few days with an unspecified infection (violent coughing, vomiting). It's been five weeks since I finished my six months of chemo and I hadn't taken my white blood cell injections so I called my oncology helpline to ask if it was safe for me to be sick now. They suggested I go to the hospital to check. I got there and it turns out I wasn't neutropenic, but they kept me overnight doing tests and replacing fluids since I couldn't keep anything down. I had low blood pressure and tachycardia but I think that's pretty standard for a fever. 

I asked to leave the next day because they couldn't find the infection, but said it was most likely viral, no antibiotics needed. I figured it was silly to stay in the hospital for a virus even though I felt so terrible, because normally I would just wait to get better at home. They told me there was a low threshold to come back and said to call the non-emergency medical number if I got worse, like started vomiting blood or getting dizzy or confused.

When I got home I felt too weak to change my clothes and just flopped into bed, then woke up twice in the night vomiting blood, felt so dizzy I couldn't stand up, and could barely speak to the operator on the medical line. Paramedics came and checked me out and I had a higher fever than I'd had previously, (40 C), nearly fainted, was confused, couldn't feel my arms, and had concerning blood pressure/tachycardia still. They took me in but I got better once I was there, after about a day, with no intervention except paracetamol. 

They ordered a non-urgent outpatient procedure to see about the bleeding, and I found out I was anaemic and lymphopenic, both normal after chemo and during infection, respectively. I feel silly having gone to the hospital for a garden variety viral infection, but I'm confused why it got me so bad when I'm no longer immunocompromised. 

I tend to feel embarrassed after I've been in hospital, like I didn't really need to be there, even when I did have neutropenic sepsis. I don't want to take these things too seriously. But I hadn't felt that bad with a virus since I got the flu when I was 12! Did anyone else feel more vulnerable to infection in the aftermath of chemo, even without blood markers to suggest that you were?