Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: What to do now?
Author: Ambulando_Explorer11
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-10 01:15:05
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hxspve/what_to_do_now/

I’m on the struggle bus. Diagnosed back in March, I’ve finished 18 weeks of chemo, surgery, and 20 rounds radiation. Now on HP infusions and Zoladex and Letrozole. Honestly, this sounds insane, but I was doing better when I was going through chemo. When radiation finished, it’s like it all just hit me. 

I am very fortunate to have a well paying job at a great company that has been very supportive, but it’s a career that I’ve never really enjoyed and have basically just been rolling with because it was the path of least resistance and I made good money. I went on a leave and during that time I was able to focus on my health and recovery, and for the first time in a long time, actually spend some time doing things I enjoy (art, walking, puzzles, baking, piano). But now I’m back to work and I’m am struggling big time. Not only is it just completely and utterly exhausting, it’s just adding to the depression. It robs me of my energy and desire to do literally anything else. When work is over, I don’t want to play with the kids. I don’t want to cook. I don’t want to paint. I just want to sit. I’m not exercising because one week in and I already feel chained to my desk. 

My husband is beyond supportive and I know he’d support me if I decided to just walk away. But I feel so whiney and ridiculous. Like, such massive first world problems. “Accept your amazing flexible six figure job and shut up.” is my inner monologue. It’s just a job. Money would be tighter if I left but we’d be ok. 

If you’ve made it this far thanks for reading what is basically a journal entry. I guess I just don’t know what to do with myself. Did I go through all this cancer crap to just sit at a computer all day doing a job that genuinely have zero interest in? Do I take a sabbatical? Has anyone ever felt this lost? Did anyone else walk away and do something different? I’m not looking to “follow a passion,” but I guess I wish that I looked forward to doing the work at least a little bit. I don’t want to finish every day like this. Thanks for listening. 