Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Surgery recovery self-employed/WFH?
Author: Away-Potential-609
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-08 23:30:37
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hwyf9y/surgery_recovery_selfemployedwfh/

Anyone here who can talk about managing work post-surgery with a self-employed WFH desk job?

I'm an independent consultant. It's all desk work, a lot of typing and mouse, and some calls. Some of it is precision work, similar to designer tasks but more technical. Some of it requires a lot of concentration while some of it can be done on half-brain (I'm in perimenopause so I have lots of experience working through and around brain fog). I can be off camera.

Overall I'm in a pretty good place because I can coast somewhat on my current client roster and do the obligatory minimum of delivery work, with some scheduling wiggle room, IF I plan carefully. 

Most of my client contacts will either know nothing or know a very toned down version of my health situation. I do have a small self-employed STD policy but it's not much, and it could only help me with a little income, it doesn't change my contractural obligations. I don't think I can pull off having a full month or so where I don't have to work AT ALL without creating some serious problems, unless I make some drastic changes in advance that I would prefer to avoid.

I would love to get perspective on when/how much people were able to work desk/computer tasks in general after surgery, and especially from anyone else who had a comparable situation in terms of clients rather than bosses and contracts rather than jobs.

I also will not know until about 2 weeks pre-surgery whether I am doing lumpectomy, SMX or DMX, or what kind of reconstruction. My tumor is in my left breast and I am right-handed. However if I have the option I will want as much reconstruction as possible done in the same initial surgery and I would be having something done on both sides to be even. I also am considering natural tissue reconstruction if I'm a candidate, most likely from the abdomen.

I do NOT want my business activities in 2025 to affect my body for the next several decades, so I am looking to have a business plan that can absorb worst-case-scenario in terms of surgery recovery.

Appreciate any input! Thanks,

