Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Recurrence / long rant
Author: mjacks372
Score: 17
Created UTC: 2024-12-31 08:24:29
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hqaf78/recurrence_long_rant/

Hi everyone, I’m new to this subreddit and to posting on Reddit in general, but  having trouble sleeping after surgery and doom scrolling so I figured I would share. 

I was initially diagnosed in Oct 2021 with stage 1B, grade 3, HER2+ invasive ductal carcinoma at 35 years old, and 13 weeks pregnant. I had a single mastectomy and 3 rounds of AC chemo while pregnant, then delivered at 34 weeks (due to preeclampsia, not the chemo), and started taxol and Herceptin 3 weeks postpartum.  I did 12 weeks of that and then another 9 months of Herceptin only and was considered cancer-free.  I then had another mastectomy (to preemptively remove the other side) and implant reconstruction.  My baby has been healthy and happy with no effects from the cancer or treatment. He’s almost 3 now and truly the coolest, sweetest kid. He currently identifies as Moana or Thomas the Tank Engine and will respond to nothing else, but you have to guess which one because it changes throughout the day. 

The week before thanksgiving I found a small lump on the side of my left reconstructed breast, both my breast surgeon and plastic surgeon thought it felt like fat necrosis but the biopsy came back malignant. This time it is triple negative, not HER2+, which seems crazy because I had a high HER2 result the first time and it was 0 this time.  But apparently this isn’t that unusual.

I had surgery this morning to remove the tumor and the implant and will meet with an oncologist and radiology oncologist soon to plan chemo and radiation.  Then a year or so from now I will have reconstruction, likely DIEP flap this time. 

I can’t sleep. Tonight might be because of the surgery and cocktail of meds they gave me but I haven’t slept well in weeks. Christmas was a nice distraction and my toddler kept me busy during the day but as soon as the lights go out my brain starts going and then I’m googling everything and reading all the FB and Reddit stories and worrying about everything. 

I think I’m worrying so much and extra annoyed now because I was starting to feel like myself again. My hair is back, thicker than ever, it’s curly now. Physically I can do more again. Even regular things like walking across a parking lot and up and down stairs now have me thinking “oh in 6 months this is going to really hurt” “won’t be able to get up that flight soon”. But it’s really hard to realize all the ways this will impact my son. He already went through so much before he was even born, and then having his mom in treatment his first year, whether he knew it or not he wasn’t getting all of me, or was hard to take him outside or on walks. Now he will notice, and he’s always asking “come play with me mama, come down here, let’s go outside, chase me, etc etc etc” and I try so hard to say yes whenever I can but now I won’t be able to as much. And he adapts so well to things, and will be fine, and have an alive mama who will get better again just like I did before, but I’m so pissed that I will have to say no. I’m so pissed that he will have to adapt to this.  I have an incredible husband who is also an excellent father who is looking forward to getting more time 1-on-1 with my son, because the baby has been in a real “mama only” phase, but I’m still pissed at the extra work this will put on him. Also have an incredible mom who will come over every day and help with my son, but I’m still pissed about it. 

We were trying to have another baby, all my doctors had okayed it, and my period came back a few months after I stopped treatment, and were very regular at first. Then I had 2 miscarriages right away and did not get pregnant again after. We got pregnant so fast with my first (only) baby, which had surprised us because I was 34.  I knew this time would be harder, and my oncologist warned me it might not happen at all but now with a recurrence the small chance feels like zero, and like maybe I shouldn’t try anyway because am I just going to keep having cancer? Again and again? This also pisses me off, because even though we were considering being one and done anyway, I don’t like the choice being taken. 

Oh and my health insurance company couldn’t reach an agreement with my hospital so as of January 1st all my doctors will be out of network. That’s why my surgeon scheduled me so quickly and I don’t even have an oncologist yet. 

There is good news here - the cancer has not spread, it is a local recurrence. No lymph nodes involved, no mets found on CT scan, brain MRI, Breast MRI or bone scan. I was happy to get these scans because they weren’t safe during pregnancy for the first diagnosis.  I will be able to get radiation this time which wasn’t an option last time. Even though it is TNBC, and grade 3, they are very confident that the surgery, chemo and radiation will lead to me vinegar cancer free again.  I know all this is good news but I’m still pissed, and also still not sleeping. 

TLDR: I’m mad about this bullshit. 