Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Stuck on a Difficult Decision 
Author: xceptiontoyourrule
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-03 01:13:58
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hsa7ux/stuck_on_a_difficult_decision/

In September (age 51) I was diagnosed with 4:00 19mm Stage 0, Grade 1 DCIS, ER/PR+. Not assessed for HER2, no lymph node involvement. Surgeon supported a lumpectomy for breast conservation.

Surgery #1 in October resulted in positive margins on 5 of 6 sides, even when the amount removed was two specimens (4 x 2.5 x 4.5 cm and 3 x 2 x 1 cm). Mammogram obviously didn't pick up all of the microcalcifications.

Surgery #2 in November (re-excision) came back clear in all specimens! Yay!! One of the most wonderful days of my life. (Though an additional 1-1.5 cm had been taken from each 'side.')

A post-op MRI measured the void left by the surgeries at 11 x 3 x 5 cm. I was hoping to do oncoplastic reconstruction, but my plastic surgeon ruled it out, citing a likely poor aesthetic outcome - I'm a C/D cup to begin with, so a good chunk of my boob is now gone. All the way from my chest wall to the skin in part of it! 

Where I'm stuck is that I like the way I look now - but that void? It's all seroma. Nice and fluid-filled, making me appear almost exactly as I did before my surgeries. I know my body will eventually absorb the fluid though, and I'll be left with a significant indentation (and possibly droopy nipple.)

My options? (All include 3 years of baby Tam.)

1. Radiation (20 rounds), healing, then an LD flap after 6-9 months.
2. SMX with TE, then implant. No radiation.
3. RADS. No surgery.

I'm not into option 1 - I can't wrap my head around such a big surgery. So I'm down to options 2 and 3, but I don't know if I'll love my body either way. And I never expected to be in this decision-making position, given my original diagnosis. SMX feels like an outsized course of action, but I do like the idea of avoiding radiation. Could I get used to by body if I go with option 3 - maybe? But what if I hate it - then I'm really left with no option at all. 

Have any of y'all been in a similar situation? What did you do and why? And are you happy with your decision? 