Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Lumpectomy vs Mastectomy
Author: SackRN-0421
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2024-12-19 14:45:18
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hhuf61/lumpectomy_vs_mastectomy/

Hi everyone! What an upside down roller coaster of a couple of months this has been! I am really struggling with making a decision on whether to do a lumpectomy or mastectomy. I guess I need some advice or some encouragement or support. I've got family and friends around me that are trying to help but I guess I need input from people that have been through this!

Here's where my conundrum is: the general surgeon that I saw initially is recommending a lumpectomy. He says the long-term survival rate is better with lumpectomy. His reasoning behind that is that if you have a reoccurrence of cancer then there's tissue for that cancer to grow into whereas if I do a mastectomy and I get cancer in whatever glandular tissue might be left behind, then there's no place for the cancer to grow except for into my body. The initial oncologist I saw didn't want to sway me one way or the other, but based on how he was talking, he seemed more in favor of mastect cases the risk of developing cancer after mastectomy is less than 3%. Whereas, if I get a lumpectomy I have the standard risk of developing cancer again.

Being triple positive and grade two, I know this has a potential to be more aggressive, which makes me very concerned about getting it again in the future. This time I caught it early and it's a stage one from what we can tell so far.

I know it's a lumpectomy I'm going to have to do radiation, which I would rather not do! I also know that if there's lymph node involvement I might still have to do it even with a mastectomy. If I do a mastectomy, I do want reconstruction, which obviously makes it a much bigger surgery. It's such an impossible decision, but I know I have to make it! I don't have a choice.

Have a 2 year old and a 6 year old to raise, and I want to make sure I'm here to raise them. And I don't want to have to deal with this again in the future. I know that no one can make this decision for me, but man am I struggling!. I've talked about this scenario before I have new I had cancer and I always thought I would just go with the mastectomy if you done with it. But it's turning out to be a more difficult decision than I thought it would.

What helped you make your decision between lumpectomy and mastectomy? Sorry for the long post, but I'm kind of flailing around out here. I am leaning much more towards a mastectomy, I guess I'm just afraid of making the wrong choice