Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: 2024 moving into 2025 - I am profoundly grateful 
Author: Dramatic-Aardvark663
Score: 77
Created UTC: 2025-01-01 05:11:46
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hqw8wr/2024_moving_into_2025_i_am_profoundly_grateful/

Hi everyone, fellow breast cancer warriors, thrivers, survivors, caregivers and partners in crime to get through this insanity called breast cancer.

As I move away from 2024 and into 2025, I wanted to express my deepest gratitude to each and every one of you. I joined Reddit back in March as a means of wanting to support survivors navigating this awful disease. Share a few words of wisdom from my own experience and learn from others as you have all shared your own lived experiences, your pain, your fears and everything else that this comes with this blasted disease.

I was diagnosed with an advanced form of breast cancer 15 years ago. This diagnosis brought me to my knees as I looked at my children so young and precious. The terror of not knowing if I would see them grow up still affects me to this day.

This is a club I never wanted anything to do with. The amount of emotional, physical, mental and financial impact that we have all been through is hard to adequately put into words. While I hate this disease, I am so blessed to be in the “virtual” company of so many powerful women and men who have dealt with this disease while others are starting down the path of being newly diagnosed and learning more about next steps.

Thank you for all that I have learned from spending a lot of time with you in this and several other breast cancer communities. 

I am so glad to have 2024 in the rear view mirror and welcome brighter days in 2025.

Always remember that you are here for a reason, you have a purpose and as I have said to many of you, when you look in that mirror remind yourself that you are amazing. Be proud of the person you see in that mirror.

Always remember that beauty and affirmation comes from within. 

One day you will tell your story of how you've overcome what you're going through now, and it will become part of someone else's survival guide.

Wishing you all the best in 2025!!

🙏🏼💓💪