Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Things I'm looking forward to in 2025
Author: SavingsSafe5499
Score: 22
Created UTC: 2025-01-05 20:10:10
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hufykl/things_im_looking_forward_to_in_2025/

I don't do resolutions so at new years this year we discussed what we were looking forward to in the coming year. For me it is:

Finishing recurrence prevention with xeloda and keytruda, maybe getting a new boob who knows - I always like to think of my body that is a car and it's always in change and repair status. I am 49 it's to be expected even without cancer.

I think I'll be done with chemotherapy and oral chemo! Like fucking hallelujah but 4 real halle - fucking lujah! Do you remember before cancer when we were all just idiots out there abusing our bodies? It's been almost 2 years for me. There was this short time between chemotherapy and radiation where I started feeling like my normal self. I know it sounds crazy but I literally sang when my oncologist said you are probably feeling a lil better. I was like it makes me think" damn girl damn girl tell me you been girl been girl, but it's more like I missed me more forgot I had dreams 4got who I was B4 - I missed me more.

I won't lie I'm on xeloda and the bottom of my feet hurt and my joints but when I think I don't focus on those feelings. You ever been obsessed with someone? I'm obsessed 🤣 with her the me I am when not in treatment .

She didn't think we could do all this. She cried, I told her I got this. And will see her at the end of it. I know cancer is now part of our story. It's not a big scary word anymore, we have made adjustments and will not only of survived - we have thrived.

Don't worry about all of it, especially don't pre-worry. Focus on the feeling when you know you will be the new experienced you and that feeling. That's the feeling I'm focusing on in this new year. Oh and that Kelsey ballerina "missed me more" and qveen Herby "we got this" will be my anthem.

Because bitch we got this, imma sit back and enjoy the process.



