Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: bilateral mastectomy experience - early postop
Author: dancereli
Score: 13
Created UTC: 2024-12-28 18:51:27
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hoccp4/bilateral_mastectomy_experience_early_postop/

hi all, this group is so amazing, and i just wanted to share my early postop experience for those like me who search this subreddit daily.  i had my bilateral mastectomy on 12/23.  my breast cancer is on the right, 6 mm tumor by imaging, invasive with ductal and lobular features.  ER+ PR+ Her2 negative.  dense breasts, plus some other areas that lit up on MRI.  so i went for bilateral MX.  they were able to do nipple sparing bilaterally, and the SLNB on the right was done through my inframammary incision.  i knew that the decision for expanders vs implant was going to be made in the moment, but it seemed likely i would get implants.  the plastic surgeon decided it was best to do expanders first.  unfortunate b/c it seems these are more painful, but i trust his judgement completely so that's fine w/ me.  just means i will need another surgery down the line to exchange for implants.  he did do the alloderm placement bilaterally before expander placement.

the first night was rough.  i'm very lucky that i have wonderful support from my family, i feel for so many ppl that don't have this.  i had family with me to help with anything, so i wasn't completely dependent on the nurses.  but i tried skipping a dose of oxy the first night and that was a mistake.  definitely take your pain meds as often as you can to keep on top of the pain.

based on what i had read in this group, i asked for gabapentin for part of my discharge pain plan - this would not have been given otherwise.  i also asked for a nerve block, but they don't do this at my institution.

i'm now 5 days postop, and honestly i'm doing better than i expected.  when i got home, the bruising and swelling were worse than i expected - so just know that there will be significant bruising and swelling.  i sent pictures to my doctors - and encourage you to contact them for any concerns.  but thankfully all was fine, and it's better now.

i started walking the day of surgery, and doing exercises as much as possible.  my range of motion is pretty normal already.  i showered the day after surgery and was able to wash my hair.

i've been taking around the clock tylenol, oxy almost around the clock but i'm able to skip some doses now.  i'm also on keflex until drains out.  the drains are painful, at the insertion sites - but it's really not that bad, b/c i expected the pain.

the gabapentin puts me to sleep - so i take one dose before bed, and it's awesome.  it allows me to sleep for at least 5 hours.  i don't take it during the day, but i'm really thankful i have it at night to help me sleep.

i did not wake up from surgery with a surgical bra.  but the nurse gave me one before discharge.  i had also ordered some from amazon.  i've tried with and without the bra, and i feel like it's more comfortable with the bras for support.  be sure you order up in size given all of the swelling - my boobs are huge right now. ;)  i probably didn't need to order any given the surgical bra they gave me, but it's nice to have multiple ones.  i ordered some that zip up in front, i can share link if needed.

i ordered a bidet - but i haven't used it at all.  i was able to wipe myself immediately after surgery.  a lot of people have found a bidet useful, but unfortunately i think i will return mine.  i don't think i'm a bidet person. ;)

i am sleeping on my couch/chaise, with regular pillows on either side.  it works well.  i haven't tried sleeping flat yet.  i don't have a mastectomy pillow and it's been fine with just regular pillows.

i'm wearing old button up shirts that i can pin my drains to, and it works well.  plus comfy sweats.  i do have a post-mastectomy hoodie that one of my friends sent me - it's really nice, and has inside pockets for the drains that don't require pins.  it's wonderful, but not necessarily needed.

i also ordered water wipes, thinking i would need these if i wasn't able to shower right away.  i haven't used them.

it sounds like the degree of pain i've had is somewhere in the middle of others' i've read about.  i can't use ibuprofen until 7 days postop, and tylenol alone definitely wouldn't have been enough.  my best advice is to keep up w/ your pain meds postop, and do exercises/walking asap.  not until your painful - there will be resistance - but every day will get easier.

also, i was worried about how i would feel after bilateral mastectomy - would i regret it?  i don't at all.  i actually think i still have some sensation of my nipples, and some of the skin around the nipples, but the loss of some sensation doesn't bother me.  so glad they were able to save my nipples, this is huge.  although my breasts are huge right now and definitely don't look normal (there is irregularity with the edges of the expander visible) - i still look like i have breasts, and i feel better about this.  i'm glad with my decision for bilateral.

i can definitely roll toward my side to help get off of the couch, and use my abdominal muscles to help get me up.  but sleeping is not so bad - especially with the gabapentin.

fingers crossed for good pathology results, hopefully will know soon.

thank you everyone for all of your posts! :)