Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Reconstruction and other complications due to the effects of radiation treatments 
Author: Mazdessa
Score: 9
Created UTC: 2025-01-10 20:58:26
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hyesk0/reconstruction_and_other_complications_due_to_the/


Tl;Dr - Radiation messed up my skin, and due to its inability to heal normally, the Dr has scrapped reconstruction for now, is removing my expander, and leaving me flat on one side for a year before attempting a different method of reconstruction. (Also, his surgical tech is a mean lady, and I'm scared to go back in for surgery knowing she will be there.)

So, almost immediately after I finished my rads treatments, maybe a week or two after, I developed a wound where one of the weak looking spots had been during treatments. When my skin started getting fried at the end, there were several small soft spots, just whitish spots, where you could tell the skin was getting weakened, and one of those spots finally formed an open wound, and the wound would just not heal. 

I finally agreed to have surgery to have that wound removed, and then the surgery wouldn't heal. Just saw the Dr today. He said he's done with this now. I have to schedule ANOTHER surgery in a week or two (but ASAP according to him) to have the expander and mesh removed. They said it should heal much better without anything in there. I had nipple-sparing, going to lose that now, and they're going to leave me flat on that side for a year. Then, the plan is to attempt reconstruction using the back flap method, whatever it's called. 

Side note - it's totally bizarre, but at my last surgery, literally as I was getting on the operating table, his surgical assistant asked me a question, and before I could even finish a complete answer, she snapped back at me - in such an insanely disproportionate tone and demeanor. I don't know how else to say it, but she basically lashed out at me, yelled, like there was actual rage in her voice, and then they put me to sleep, but it did not match my energy, my response, the topic being discussed. Nothing. I have no idea where it came from or what I did to piss this lady off, but apparently I did something because she's so "highly rated" and "loves her patients" - with the exception of me, obviously. Given that she is so highly rated, and loves her patients  (per the office nurse), it can only mean that this is somehow personal, and, I mean, i had never even spoken to that lady prior to that day? But, she had obviously been around before, most likely when I had my double mastectomy, and had the expanders put in. I don't know why I'm even bringing this up, or why I brought it up to the nurse today, other than it makes me a little nervous to go in for surgery again, knowing she will be there, and since I finally mentioned it to the office nurse today, now I'm afraid the Dr is going to kick me out as a patient altogether due to some perceived conflict or something...


Radiation was the absolute worst experience for me, and continues to be, and I don't even know h8w much good it did because, literally, the same say I first went to have that original wound checked out in the radiation side of the building, they called me in the other office across the hall, and told me I had a positive Signatera test. From there, I went home and prepared for a hurricane. 

This has been the momentum and overall vibe of my life in general for months now, and I'm exhausted. EXHAUSTED. I have no support, and there is no end in sight - not any time soon, at least. 

Anyway, not sure why I'm posting any of this, tbh, except, I guess, I'm just curious if anyone else has had any similar complications, skin reactions, or any delays or other unplanned experiences with reconstruction due to the effects of radiation treatment. 



(Do not worry about replying at all to what I said about the surgical tech. I know nobody has had an experience like that, that's just my luck, and part of the joke that the universe is playing on me. Ha ha universe...it's so funny.) 