Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Reconstruction has not gone to plan
Author: PotheadMomma
Score: 11
Created UTC: 2025-01-08 08:29:49
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hwfbjn/reconstruction_has_not_gone_to_plan/

Had my BMX end of October after going thru the lumpectomy, MRI biopsies…the works. My surgery was delayed by two weeks (instead of the original date for mid-October) due to nationwide saline shortage and so instead of 3 weeks between BMX and beginning reconstruction, I only had 10 days. Also to note, 2 lymph nodes were taken on left side. When I called to ask should we push the reconstruction start, was told no, surgeon wanted to proceed. After BMX, had to go back into surgery next morning due to suspected hematoma but turned out to be a vessel that was just pumping blood into the cavity. All fixed up head home and wait the 10 days. Did fairly well after BMX all considering.

So go in for reconstruction start of shaping things up and putting in expanders. Seemingly all goes well, but I notice my left side is problematic and had a suspicion I had an infection. Drain fluids were cloudy pink, while right side healed quickly and drain removed. Doc didn’t believe me until he couldn’t deny it any longer, so scheduled for a 4th surgery to remove left side expander and clean out the infection. New drain placed and thinking we are doing okay. Notice new drain doesn’t seem to produce much and quickly turns to dark purple/old blood. The area is deformed looking on top of it all. Again doc doesn’t seem concerned. Says I have a hematoma and it just needs to break down and will eventually run thru the drain. 4 weeks later and NYE day, I suddenly have a hole that just seems to appear (albeit I had a lot of pain that morning) and I had an appt with my PCP for other purposes, but go in and say scrap all of that, what do I do with an openly bleeding hole. She told me go straight to surgeons office as this is strange and not good. I head that way while calling and they say go home, no docs are in office and it will be fine. See surgeon’s PA on day after New Years and she says oh your drain tube is sticking out (which I was certain caused the hole) but goes on to deny this is the cause. She packed the hole up and told me to keep changing absorbent pads but let it flow. I have been doing just that.

I see surgeon tomorrow and will not lie - I am beyond frustrated. Has anyone had similar experiences? I am fairly in tune with my body but feel like my surgeon doesn’t believe my concerns. As it stands, we will be waiting quite a while before we get the expander back in, but I am relieved for the break. Drains for 2.5 months is no fun. I am just not even sure what to say to him tomorrow…I mean I have an open wound hole just dripping away! Not to mention now back on 4th round of 2 antibiotics and back on pain meds.

BMX was done by general surgeon and he was pretty awesome, but this plastic surgeon is really making me doubt him. Appreciate any insight that can be shared so I can figure out what to ask or even say to him.

Also to note, lymph nodes came back clear, so I am not having to do chemo/radiation. Very grateful for that.

Thanks for any feedback!