Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: 2 more weeks of DMX recovery
Author: People_are_insane_
Score: 55
Created UTC: 2025-01-09 08:28:29
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hx8d9q/2_more_weeks_of_dmx_recovery/


I was just about to give my baby girl a bath. And then I got the phone call.  You have cancer.

So many tears in the first months.  Rocking her to sleep and being her only parent (donor conceived) and knowing no one’s heart will ever explode like mine does for her.

(41F) in June I was diagnosed with TNBC with an estimate of Stage 1.  Because I was still lactating (I was 4.5 months postpartum) they weren’t sure if the lump was 2cm or bigger.  After telling me to get ready for surgery in 3 weeks after diagnosis, 1 week before, they decided to flip it and do chemo first.

My oncologist was unusually confident. Saying it will be ok and I won’t have to look over my shoulder my whole life. She said I would only need 12 low dose infusions of taxol/carb (4 rounds).  Well, the first scan didn’t look like much of a response.  But then things were tricky they said because this MRI wasn’t with my lactating breasts. So it’s hard to compare.

They added immunotherapy into my last couple taxol infusions and then set me up for 4 rounds of AC.  I got a scan after my 3rd AC round.  Still tumour left and then also another region glowing they weren’t even looking at before.

Going into my double mastectomy I was nervous about the tumour possibly growing in my chest.  I hadn’t been able to rest to fight cancer.  I hadn’t been able to exercise much.  And food wise,  I’d fallen off the wagon due to my mental health sliding. After all, I was basically the only person in Covid like conditions with a boomerang germball.  It made life very limiting. AC going into gross Pacific NW weather with a now mobile baby was a living hell.

But I got to wait over Christmas which oh so fun for my pathology report.  But with the wait!  

NO RESIDUAL DISEASE and no evidence in my lymph nodes.

No I can have some time being a mom and have the mental space to think about things beyond survival.  Like what lunch box or water bottle she needs.

And soon, I can lift up my baby again. 🥰