Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Diagnosed and saying hello 
Author: Chellybeans_84
Score: 71
Created UTC: 2024-12-28 15:37:21
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1ho83b7/diagnosed_and_saying_hello/

Hey everyone. I’ve been lurking in this group since October but wanted to introduce myself. The posts I’ve read have been very helpful and everyone seems to be so lovely. 

I turned 40 this year and went to my first screening mammogram at the end of September. I was told there were some micro-calcifications (8mm) that appeared in my left breast and was given the option of waiting 6 months since it was my first mammo and they had no prior imaging or to do a biopsy. I was also told I have dense breasts at that appointment which I wasn’t aware of. I chose the biopsy because I don’t think I would have been able to spend the next six months thinking about this. Thankfully, I chose to do the biopsy and not wait because I received a call a few days later on October 7th saying it was breast cancer. I had no symptoms so it was a shock. 

I met with a breast surgeon two weeks later. There he told me that they thought that the tumor was ~1cm but I would have to have a mammo, ultrasound and breast MRI done at the cancer center to make sure and see if anything else is going on. That imaging revealed that the tumor was 2.1cm. After some thinking, I chose to have a lumpectomy. In addition, they would be doing a sentinel mode biopsy. 

After surgery (Nov 26), it was revealed the tumor was actually 2.6cm but the surgeon had taken enough around the area and I ended up having clear margins. My borderline lymph nodes came out clear. I was then diagnosed with Stage IIA breast cancer. I was referred to oncology and radiology for the next steps. 

Chemo is up in the air because the oncologist had to send out for the Oncotype testing. I am waiting on those results. I have a feeling I will be doing chemo based on my pathology, staging, grade, etc. but we will see. I’ve recently completed the fertility injections and egg retrieval. I don’t have any kids but figured I don’t want cancer to take this away from me too.  

It’s been hard because I feel like I have to make some decisions fairly quickly. On the other hand, I feel like this whole process has been slow so far. You can’t help but feel that these cancer cells are floating around in your body trying to find a new home while you wait. So here I am just taking it one day at a time and trying to hold it together. 

Invasive carcinoma with mixed ductal and lobular features.
40F, Stage IIA, Grade 3, ER +, PR +, HER2 -, Ki67 30%