Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: My breast cancer story. 
Author: gbug24
Score: 206
Created UTC: 2025-01-08 16:40:38
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hwoh0y/my_breast_cancer_story/

Hello everyone, I could use your help with extra prayers and positivity as I go for my reconstruction tomorrow morning. Here is a little bit of my story. 

I just turned 60 in August. I’m a nurse, married, and my only daughter is also a nurse. No family history of any cancer in my family. I was diagnosed 2 days before my daughter’s 25th birthday in March 2024. Right sided ductal carcinoma 100% hormone positive, ++-. Negative BRCA genes and I opted to do a DMX with immediate placement of tissue expanders that I had done in May 2024. My DMX showed IDC and 3 out of 10 lymph nodes they took were positive. My oncotype was 16 so no chemo thankfully, but I did need radiation which was a surprise. I went more aggressive with surgery to hopefully avoid chemo and rads, but that wasn’t the case. 

I had 28 sessions of radiation. It was the most dehumanizing experience I have ever had, my daughter believes I have PTSD from it. It’s a long story, but once I’m done this journey, I plan on reporting my radiation oncologist for how horrible she was. No compassion, no empathy, just a doctor that was trying to be large and in charge and treat every patient the same. 

My radiation treatments kept getting pushed back due to fluid building up on my right side, which no doctor can explain why I always had a fluid build up issue. I had to be resimulated 5 times throughout my treatments bc of the fluid build up and had to have a JP drain placed 2 different times by my plastic surgeon. I got so fed up with the drain, I had 10 sessions left and told my RO that I cannot live with this drain anymore. They told me to not move my right arm (my dominant side of course) to avoid fluid from accumulating. I was kept in a sling and never had physical therapy after my DMX due to this. It was also summer time where I live, of course we had record heat and they told me not to sweat either which was nearly impossible since I was started on anastrozole. I couldn’t sleep right, couldn’t bathe right and no one was listening to me. I demanded the drain be taken out and my plastic surgeon was very supportive in my decision as by this point I had a drain in and out for nearly 4 months on my right side which he was not a fan of. I told my RO that I am refusing the rest of my radiation treatments since she told me if I don’t have the drain in to control the fluid, I can’t get treatment anymore. Once I told her I was refusing she all of a sudden came up with a plan to increase the margins of my radiation treatments so it would be easier for me to finish my treatments… wish she told me that before I had the drain in and out 4 different times. Although I did have severe burns, I finally did finish all 28 rounds of my radiation in August of 2024. 

I was so glad to put that behind me, going to the cancer center every single day was draining as you all know. I also felt guilty since towards the end I began being a difficult patient. I just couldn’t take it anymore and really wish my RO listened and heard me more. 

My family and I got a break with the cancer stuff for a little while until Halloween. My right side began to hurt, swell, and was red. My plastic surgeon drained fluid from the right side for cultures. It came back positive for a rare bacteria I’ve never even heard of as nurse and I googled it… totally shouldn’t have and it had a 22% mortality rate within 30 days. Scary. My PS told me to go to ER and the admitted me on Halloween. I was on IV antibiotics for a few days and it didn’t seem to help. Although luckily I was experiencing any fevers and my white count was normal, it seemed to be localized to that right tissue expander. It’s Saturday night and my PS came to see me in the hospital and told me that Sunday morning he is performing emergency surgery to remove the tissue expander. Sunday came and went and they removed my right tissue expander so I was completely flat on that side. It was traumatic seeing that honestly but I kept marching on. 

So now my flat right side incision is healing and with everything I’ve been through I’m beginning to plan my reconstruction. Implants are a no go at this point for obvious reasons. So it was either go flat or go for the DIEP, I opted for the DIEP. My PS referred me to another PS that he works with that specializes in this procedure. I was feeling hopeful.  

It’s 11/24, a Sunday. My daughter is at work and my husband and I planned to relax all day and watch football together. It’s 7:30 pm and all of a sudden I get the most excruciating pain on my right side. I’ve never felt anything like that and all of a sudden my now flat breast, is growing. It was like when you blow up a pool raft. It was unfolding and get big quick. I called my PS nurse and with the pain and the fact that it was growing she advised me to go to ER. My husband takes me and is walking me into the ED and all of a sudden I get real fuzzy and I pass out. Apparently it was blood that was filling up my flat breast bc my internal mammary vessel ruptured.  So my PS was called in on another Sunday to do emergency surgery on me and I got myself another stay in the hospital. 

Both my PS and oncologist believe these are all effects and complications from radiation and that I may have been over radiated possibly. What’s done is done and if you’ve made it this far I thank you for reading my story. Tomorrow is my DIEP flap reconstruction and I am so grateful it did not get delayed with all the complications and emergency surgeries I had in November. I am very disfigured and deformed. Mentally it is a lot. I’ve been waiting for this for so long and I know the recovery is rough, but I have my husband and my own personal nurse with my daughter so I am feeling hopeful. This has been so long for my family and I, we are all ready to move on from it. Tomorrow is the beginning of a new beginning. 

Thank you for reading my story and please pray and send me positive thoughts that my reconstruction goes smoothly. I pray for all of you everyday and that we can all get through this! Grateful for this community. 