Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Happy new year, you made it!
Author: Sea-Type-1657
Score: 246
Created UTC: 2025-01-01 03:50:47
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hqv1ls/happy_new_year_you_made_it/

Hi pink sisters, I just wanted to make a positivity post to celebrate my own milestones and also your own, and to spread some hope as well.

A little bit about my story (28F) if you haven’t already heard it. Divorced in early March 2024 to a terribly toxic man, lump found late March 2024. Ultrasound April 2024, misdiagnosed as fibroadenomia. Biopsy was May 2024 and I got the call that I had stage 3, grade 3 breast cancer on June 2, 2024.

The entire month of June, I met with my surgeon, oncologist, and had many scans. I had 4 lymph nodes involved and a mass on my liver that turned out to be benign.

I did a round of egg retrieval early July, port placement shortly after and started my first round of TCHP chemo on July 19, 2024.

Ladies, I wasn’t strong. I had nausea, diarrhea, joint pain, brain fog, I lost my hair. I was tired and I cried everyday during the hardest week of my side effects. I wasn’t positive about it, I moaned and whined and complained, why me? I took depression naps, took a lot of ativan, and somehow still worked full time throughout all of this (I took the first week of chemo off but I needed the structure and to feel productive).

I finished my last round of chemo on October 31, 2024 (halloween yippee!). I was multifocal triple positive and the tumours had reduced to basically nothing thanks to chemo, so I had the choice to do a lumpectomy or a masectomy. My surgeon wanted me to do a masectomy because I had a 10cm x 8cm area of calcifications in my cancer breast and she was worried it contained DCIS.

I sought a second opinion from the most fabulous plastic surgeon I’ve ever met in my life (I love her so much) and went for a oncoplastic breast reduction and lift to take out the calcifications. I’m also a dancer so I never liked my large boobs anyway, I was going to be taken down from a C almost a D cup to an A cup and I couldn’t be happier,

Surgery absolutely terrified me. I cried again, almost everyday, woke up from panic attacks. But the surgery came and went, I also did a sentinel node biopsy, they only managed to take one. I got an infection after the surgery but went to the doctor’s for antibiotics and got that sorted.

I now sit on my couch, 3 weeks post-op, writing this to you my sisters, to tell you that my surgeon and onco called me to tell me that I achieved pCR. 

My hair’s growing back, I’m about to go to a NYE party with friends and even though I still have radiation and hormone blockers to look forward to, for once, I am happy. This year sucked and the treatment was hard as hell.

But if I can do it, tired and whining and crying and screaming, you can do it too. I hope my story gives you hope and I hope you tell me your stories and know you’re not alone and you will get through this and you are surrounded with so much community and love.

Happy new year pink sisters, you’ve made it through everything that life has tossed at you this year and I’m so proud of you.