Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Exhausted and miserable
Author: AnkuSnoo
Score: 26
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 23:34:45
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1i0s3ar/exhausted_and_miserable/

Need to vent as I’m really struggling right now. 

I finished active treatment in late August. It all went very well — minimal side effects and all those very manageable. But things have been hardest for me post-treatment. 

The first couple of weeks after treatment ended I was struggling with low mood and appetite (I could eat but I had no hunger and making decisions about food was too mentally taxing). It was like a quiet *after* the storm situation and I felt a bit lost after such an intense year (not just treatment but also immigrating to the US to join my now-husband). I got some support through a social worker and things got better. 

Now since the past week or two I’ve been so fucking tired. I’m getting 7-9 hours sleep a night but wake up feeling like I only got 3 or 4. 

I don’t know if it’s the Tamoxifen (started October), the Gabapentin I’m taking for the hot flashes (started late November), or the toll of returning to work and commuting (1.5 hours each way by public transit) or a combination of the above. 

Today I overslept because either I slept through my alarm or it didn’t go off. I woke up at 9.12 because I needed to pee and realized fuck I’m supposed to be on a train right now. So I had to work from home, which is fine as I can WFH 2 days a week, but I prefer to do it Thursday & Friday. I’ll need to WFH on Wednesday this week as I have an appointment with a lymphedema specialist in town (I live in the city and commute out). So that means technically I’m supposed to go in to the office on Thursday & Friday which I don’t want to do. So because I overslept, my week is already thrown off and it’s only Monday. 

Then I couldn’t focus on any brain work today. Even trying to read an interesting article about my industry was too much cognition. I often struggle to focus while reading (finally have my ADHD assessment at the end of this month) so when I’m feeling foggy, forget about it. In my meetings today I didn’t feel sharp at all - I felt slow to keep up with what others were discussing or needed things repeated or really spelled out. I only started a month ago so some of it is also being new and still getting up to speed on things. So at least I can use that as an excuse if I’m not getting things. 

One of my meetings got cancelled and I was so relieved and decided to take a nap. But I couldn’t sleep even though I was so tired, and couldn’t snuggle under a blanket either because of the damn hot flashes, so I just started crying out of frustration. Then I couldn’t stop and was weepy for the rest of the day. Went to make myself a cup of tea to calm myself down before my next meeting (thankfully I could stay camera off) and when my husband (who WFH Mondays) asked if I was alright I just blubbered like a child. I’m hot 😭I’m tired 😭 Wahhh 😭

And it might get worse because we’ve been told we’ll need to be in the office 5 days a week starting in a couple months’ time. It might not apply to everyone and might be phased in over the next few months, so I’m hoping I can negotiate because I’m the only one on my team in my office location, so nobody is gaining anything from me being in the office an extra 2 days a week. 

And I’m happy to go into an office, I actually wanted an in-person job as I worked from home for the past 5 years and spent most of 2024 cooped up at home while I wasn’t working. So it’s not that I want to be remote all the time, but it’s like I’m getting the worst of both worlds - the slog of commuting, without even getting the benefit of being around my team mates. And I don’t know anyone in the office yet - there are things I can do to get to know some of the people there but all the effort will be on me, so that thought is daunting and exhausting. So I’m just commuting all that way to sit at my computer all day on Zoom meetings with my colleagues in another location (which is a more popular location, and a slightly longer commute in the other direction, so not even an easy ask to transfer). 

I took this job even though it was far away from home because it was the only callback I got in months of job searching, so when they offered it to me I felt I had to take what I could get. And it’s actually a really good job and company, the pay is good, the work is interesting, and the people are friendly and smart. But if I keep struggling with the fatigue and the hot flashes like this I don’t know how long I can keep it up. I could ask for an accommodation to WFH most of the time, but I don’t actually want to WFH. What I want is to not feel so run down and hot and bothered all the time. 

I am trying to exercise regularly to help with the hot flashes and energy. Working out is new to me so it’s hard already, and then the hot flashes make even just walking on the treadmill really tough. I have a fan that I attach to the treadmill to help with that but all that really happens is I’m still overheating except the part of me where the fan is blowing which is cold. So then I have to focus on both the workout and managing the fan strategy to evenly distribute the cool air. And because I’m usually too tired and hungry to go to the gym free coming home from the office, I’ve mostly been going on WFH days or at the weekend (which is less spaced out through the week than I’d like). But now even those days are hard to muster the energy, so when I’m already feeling run down, the idea of pushing through all the struggle involved in working out seems undoable. 

So I’m having a rough time of it right now. I have a lot to be grateful for - good outcomes from my treatment, access to healthcare for my ongoing management, a well-paid job, a husband who loves me and provided for us both when I couldn’t contribute. All these struggles are relatively small in isolation, but they’re adding up to a big weight that’s making it difficult to build my life back up to a bare minimum level of functioning. 
 
I know there are other meds people take for hot flashes and I will be talking to my doctors about them, but I want to give Gabapentin a bit more of a chance to work as I only started about 6 weeks ago and it takes a while to kick in. I’m also now actually tracking my hot flashes with a counter app on my phone, and am going to try and log my energy levels each day too. My sleep time/quality usually gets tracked by my Apple Watch but I had a problem with it not tracking/syncing since getting a new phone over the holidays (also part of why my alarm failed today). I’ve fixed that now so I should have a better sense of if I’m actually getting enough sleep. 

So I’ll figure things out, and it’ll be okay, but oof today I’ve been a mess. 

I knew you all would understand and be able to offer some words of empathy and camaraderie, so thank you for reading and just for being here to yell into the void to 💕