Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Lumpectomy was not completely clear 
Author: EngkangBakekang
Score: 16
Created UTC: 2024-12-28 03:18:06
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hnwl2s/lumpectomy_was_not_completely_clear/

I was diagnosed with stage 1 IDC +++ in October. I had my lumpectomy last week and today I got the pathology report that there was 1mm left and one lymph node involved 6mm metastatic carcinoma. I am sad, and mad, and all the feelings. Is this mean that my stage is now 2 because lymph nodes are involved? My next appointment is on Tuesday. How do you move on? I honestly cry every day since October. Not to mention that my genetic testing shows that Im positive for ovarian cancer genes. I already know I will be getting chemo and then radiation and hormonal therapy. I go to Duke Hospital and drive for 6 hours. I'm praying 2025 will be a better year for us. 
Edit: sorry this is long but this is on my my chart. The doctor has not called me yet. 

DIAGNOSIS
A. Right axillary sentinel lymph node #1, excision:
 
Metastatic carcinoma involves one lymph node (1/1).
Metastatic focus measures 6 mm.
Extranodal extension is not identified.
 
 
B. Right axillary sentinel lymph node #2, excision:
 
Two lymph nodes, negative for tumor (0/2).
 
 
C. Right breast, seed localized lumpectomy:
 
Invasive ductal carcinoma with micropapillary features
 - Nottingham grade 3 (tubules: 3, nuclei: 3, mitoses: 3)
 - Invasive carcinoma measures 17 mm
 
Ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS)
 - High grade
 - Micropapillary and cribriform type
 - Involves lobules
 - Present in 10 tissue blocks and measures approximately 30 mm
 
Lymphovascular invasion is present (multiple blocks).
 
Closest margins (invasive):
 - Involves posterior
 - 2 mm to inferior
 
Closest margins (DCIS):
 - Involves posterior
 - <1 mm to inferior
 - 1 mm to anterior
 - 2 mm to medial
 
Calcifications involve DCIS and benign breast ducts.
Fibroadenoma (3 mm).
Biopsy site is present.
See synoptic report for staging.
 
 
D. Right breast, superior margin, excision:
 
Ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS)
 - Measures up to 7 mm
 - Focally <1 mm to the new margin
 
Invasive carcinoma is not identified.
 
 
E. Right breast, lateral margin, excision:
 
Breast tissue with chronic inflammation.
There is no evidence of malignancy.
 
 
F. Right breast, inferior margin, excision:
 
Lymphovascular invasion is present (in two blocks).
Invasive carcinoma and DCIS are not identified.
 
 
G. Right breast, final medial margin, excision:
 
Atypical ductal hyperplasia (ADH).
Atypical lobular hyperplasia (ALH).
There is no evidence of malignancy.
 
 
H. Right breast, anterior margin, excision:
 
Lymphovascular invasion is present.
Invasive carcinoma and DCIS are not identified.
 
 
I. Right breast, posterior margin, excision:
 
Benign breast tissue.
See comment.
 
 
J. Right breast, final inferior margin, excision:
 
Benign breast tissue.
Electronically signed by Factor, Rachel Elizabeth, MD on 12/26/2024 at  4:00 PM
Diagnostic Comment

In the lumpectomy (part C), invasive carcinoma and DCIS appear transected on the posterior margin. The extended posterior margin (part I) shows only benign breast tissue, without tumor on the old margin. Clinical correlation is needed.