Subreddit: doihavebreastcancer
Title: Bummer results 
Author: SpiritedBluejay157
Score: 22
Created UTC: 2024-12-08 03:32:18
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/doihavebreastcancer/comments/1h99v1q/bummer_results/


Final Diagnosis:
A. Breast, Right, right breast 10 o'clock:
INVASIVE CARCINOMA
HISTOLOGIC TYPE: INVASIVE DUCTAL CARCINOMA

GRADE 1-2/3, AT LEAST 10.0 MM IN LENGTH.

Breast Biomarker Report for Invasive Carcinoma (ER/PR/Her2-neu): Estrogen Receptor (ER) Status Results: Positive
Percentage of cells with nuclear positivity for ER; specify: 90 %

Progesterone Receptor (PgR) Status Results: Positive
Percentage of cells with nuclear positivity for PR; specify: 70 %

HER2 (by immunohistochemistry)
Results: Equivocal (Score 2+)

HER2 (by FISH): Pending and result will be reported in a separate addendum.
—————————————————

Got the results early yesterday afternoon at work. I managed some brief calls to the clinic and finished the work day without making a scene. (Please know I am not opposed to making a scene—at this particular time, not making a scene was self-care.)
Apparently, I was in the exact right time in my menstrual cycle for a breast MRI and I got booked for one that same evening. By 4:30, I also booked appointments for this Tuesday with the genetic counselor, breast surgeon and oncologist. 
I am super grateful that all these appointments lined up—it is helping me cope. It is easier to “take one day at a time” when I don’t have to wait weeks for the next thing. I’m also kinda numb. Taking one day at a time feels easy now cuz my brain seems incapable of thinking too far ahead. I’m protecting myself. I have a blurry sense of various possibilities for treatments. I feel ok keeping things blurry for now. I really like and trust everyone I’ve encountered briefly, so far, at the breast clinic. I have wonderful support systems of family and friends…
I wonder if there’s any advice out there for questions to ask during these initial meetings with the genetic counselor, breast surgeon and oncologist, etc.?
(Side note: I’m 46, had a mammogram in April and one every year since 40. This likely wasn’t caught earlier because of the extreme density of my breast tissue—which totally sucks.)