Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: More, new delays and wait anxieties 
Author: SpiritedBluejay157
Score: 6
Created UTC: 2025-01-11 00:44:35
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hyjszu/more_new_delays_and_wait_anxieties/

46 yo. IDC++-, grade 2, Stage II, 3 cm lump in the right, nothing observed in the lymph nodes, so far. BRCA2+

I feel like there has been no forward progress this week—I’m now faced with another weekend that I can’t wait to be over with so my husband and I can continue making pushy phone calls with the hope that maybe it might make something happen a little bit sooner, while also working full time and also having cancer. 

After the delay of the holidays and a rescheduled plastic surgeon appointment, the order for surgery was put through and I finally hoped to have a surgery date, along with a rough timeline for treatments, at the beginning of this week. However, five days later, I got a call from the breast surgeon’s office saying that the plastic surgeon couldn’t schedule until the end of February—a month after the BS wanted to schedule and 12 weeks after my diagnosis. My BS doesn’t want to wait that long, and they’re still working out the date. 

Since I started working with the team at this hospital, there have been little pink flags popping up. Individually, I’ve worked through each, but all together and along with this delay, I’m now very anxious about my continued treatment there. 

Meanwhile… I had begun the process of seeking a second opinion at Dana-Farber before Christmas. The request was denied by insurance. It should not have been—turns out it was due to a number error by my current hospital’s referral system. Unfortunately, my husband and I slow-walked following up and when we submitted another referral request, some other error occurred. We submitted a third time but haven’t been able find out if it remedied the issue. 

If it all goes through, it will be Monday, at the absolute earliest that I would get a call from the administrative intake people at Dana-Farber. I have no clue I when would be able to get the appointment for the second opinion, I expect they are very busy. If I want to get treatment from them, I imagine an even more distant surgery date. 

I can’t help imagining having to weigh the possible risk of accepting an even later surgery date through Dana-Farber against going with an earlier date with the current team, with whom I don’t feel entirely comfortable. 

I’m the most upset I’ve been, during this ordeal, so far. I’ve been feeling more panic-y at work, I’m having shorter and shorter moments of feeling “normal” and comfortable around other people. I know I can summon back my calm and determined state once the plan is in place, but there’s all these new anxieties about getting to the plan that feel less manageable than the general cancer-treatment-on-the-horizon anxieties. 

Oh and my right boobs hurts. It’s been achy since the biopsy, over five weeks ago. This week it’s been more achy. It’s tolerable. Just another reminder. I think it’s mad at me. 