Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Heeellpp...I can't decide! 
Author: africanfairyqueen
Score: 16
Created UTC: 2025-01-12 07:59:04
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hzhxnu/heeellppi_cant_decide/

Hi...I have been a lurker in this community for a while lol. I love the idea that supports groups are there but I have anxiety about attending them...this group has seemed like a happy medium for me you all are amazing. I finally decided to chime in because I have a question that I would like other cancer patients to put their two cents in. So I got a Stage 3 ER positive HER2 positive PR negative diagnosis about a year ago. I had chemo which was like super challenging for me. Like in the hospital all but 2 rounds of my chemo. It was really rough on me. My tumor was 19 cm with most of my breast and 3+ lymph nodes involvement. Anyway, long story short I was originally leaning towards a double mastectomy. My oncology surgeon encouraged me to only do 1 breast, the one most affected because essentially they were worried about my weight, the increased chance of infection because I struggled so much getting through chemo, and they wanted the healing time short so I could jump straight into radiation treatment while finishing up my chemo. My weight and infection chances made my plastic surgeon say I had to wait on any reconstruction. Which was depressing because once they recommended only one I was leaning towards taking the one breast affected and doing reconstruction. So now I completed radiation and had the single mastectomy and just finished chemo and another spot popped up on my other side that they have been watching. Friday my results came back just a benign cyst. So here's my dilemma. I felt like I never really decided if I wanted to take both breast's because I felt like doctors were right in only taking the one breast. And now after this scare recently and given my thoughts and feelings I had previously, I am seriously considering having my other breast removed....but I'm having anxiety that I'm like making the wrong choice. And I'm also worried my husband may not be happy if I move forward with having another mastectomy. But generally I feel like I would be happier and less anxious about a breast cancer reoccurring. I feel like I would feel more even you know? But I'm still not confident in that decision if that makes sense?? I'm wondering if it's like just me or have other people been under similar circumstances or have people made the decision to have one breast removed and then later decide ro have the other one removed? What helped you make the decision? What factors did you take into account? What made you feel confident in your decision or did you still feel unsure and did it anyway? OR, why did you decide not to if that's the case? If you've made it this far thanks for reading and also thanks in advance for any replies or support or advice. I hope what I'm saying is making some sense or that others can relate because it's been an overwhelming emotional roller coaster 🎢  Love, fairy dust, and good vibes to all you wonderful people ❤️ 