Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: "Frustration is a function of expectation - lower the bar and you won't be disappointed"
Author: RevolutionaryKick360
Score: 22
Created UTC: 2024-12-11 05:40:22
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hbmo9u/frustration_is_a_function_of_expectation_lower/

I hate asking for help. I don't have a partner. I love reading the posts of all the hubs stepping up, I get to live a little bit vicariously through you, it makes me wish I had that safety net, and then remember why I don't.. I was in the wrong net.. the one that suffocates and traps you. I am not good at asking for help, I am self suficient, always have been. But now I have cancer, and cancer needs help, not me, I am fine - cancer is a blood sucking pig incapable of doing anything for itself, parasite from hell, feeding off of me. Well it was, until a lovely surgeon took care of that. But now there is chemo, for the ones that got away.. 

They all mean well, friends mean well -not the microscopic cancer cells supposedly running wild in my vascular system, looking far and near for their next home base, is there ever enough fear? nope, must get targeted area next can't forget that empty cavity -need to irradiate ones that stayed close to home base. 

Friends all mean well, and they have rallied, I don't want to complain. Thank God I havet them. I am sure I am sucking up a lot of emotional resources, I am sure it gets old, months later, it's Christmas they have things to do. I am grateful, I don't want to do this alone, and I hate hate hate feeling needy and then let down, and then like a horrible person for feeling like people that are trying to help me are not doing enough, so I go back to me.. because I am enough, I know what I need and what my expectations are, and I just want to do it. This is my wall and it's up.

**Getting dropped of at the curb for chemo just feels like shit.** TC x4, on round 2 a few weeks ago, last minute change of plans, something came up unexpectedly, I get it really! I was fine with it. A friend was going to drive me there, and then another would meet me later to drive me home, i even had an inbetween visitor. All good - no worries. Until I opened the car door, stepped on the curb, schlepping my paxman that is just a big tease - my cooler full of frozen wear - walrus hands and fred flinstone footies, and the giant bag of things.. schelpping it through the maze of check in, to the blood draw wait room, to the appointment wait room, to the infustion waiting room, feeling so vulnerable, with nobody to distract me, juggling my 700oz of liquid, taking up too much space, things falling.. Ok, I get it, they are busy. I can do this, I have been hauling my ass around the country schlepping a suit case for years, unknown cities, by myslef, this is fine, and a few hours later, I had company, all good. 

Text comes in yesterday - best friend, I know they coordinate between 3 of them and it's an imposition. It's like a baton pass. one passes me to the next and the next. We live 20 miutes from the hospital, in traffic it sucks, I know its a lot to ask and It is Christmas, one friiend will already be out of town. I don't want to ask any more people to get involved. Text says - "hey just want to let you know that I am available to drop you off at Chemo" on XYZ date. And there it was, I was immediately brought back to the curb and the schlep. How shitty that felt, and I just don't want to feel it again. Maybe it is no big deal, I don't know, I would rather start off alone, because getting dropped at the curb for chemo just does not feel good. My response "I think I can just drive myself, rather than drive everyone crazy with this, now that I know what to expect, I am fine to drive home, but thank you." You know when you put something out there, just because you need the reassurance? I was expecting a different response, and for whatever reason I needed to hear it - but the response was a whole string of heart emojis. 

Someone that mentored me through the growing pains of my early career once told me "frustration is a function of expectation, lower the bar and you will not be disappointed". That has stayed with me for 20yrs. Guess it's time.