Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Another freak out post
Author: SackRN-0421
Score: 24
Created UTC: 2024-12-21 00:41:56
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hiy742/another_freak_out_post/

Ok, I feel like I'm freaking out about something new every day. This constant fear and spiraling is about to do me in!

So- I have IDC +++, (ER 95%, PR 100%, Her-2 is 3+) with some DCIS present

I started out at Stage 1 (0.6cm based on biopsy, 1.2 based on ultrasound- ultrasound was done 1st), they recommended lumpectomy, chemo, radiation,  herceptin. My choice on mastectomy 

Then I went to a breast cancer oncologist for the surgical consult- she recommended MRI. MRI shows the tumor is 2.5cm. I don't know if this is a change because the biopsy was done and it is post biopsy changes, I don't know if it was already the size and they just didn't have a clear picture, or if it's growing this quickly. In any case, they've upgraded me to a stage 2. So now it will be chemo first and then surgery. It still doesn't look like there's any lymph node involvement. They did see one lymph node visible, but they think it's just an incidental mammary lymph node. But I guess it's questionable.

The office told me that they will be doing TCH for my Chemo. I still need to look this up because I don't know what all is included in that.

Here's what I'm really freaking out about though, they've ordered a whole bunch more tests- the breast surgeon oncologist ordered CT scans for staging and a bone scan. Then the oncologist ordered a PET scan and a brain MRI. Did anyone else get all of these extra tests when they were stage 2? I am a nurse so I understand a lot of this process but it's absolutely terrifying being on this side of it. I also happen to be a hospice nurse so I see things when they are really bad...

I just need to know if anyone else out there had all of these tests done? Or do they suspect on stage 3 or even stage 4 and they're just not saying anything yet?? This really has me in a panic, especially with the holidays coming up because I know that's going to affect when I get some of these tests done. I just don't want to leave my kids without a mom. I want to see them grow up