Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Returning to Work Anxiety
Author: Vegetable-Ad857
Score: 27
Created UTC: 2025-01-07 23:28:42
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hw5crp/returning_to_work_anxiety/

I will be returning to work in a few days. I have many mixed emotions about it and I am searching for some advice. I was diagnosed back in April 2024, and I have been on leave since July. Since I have been on leave, only 2 (out of 40) of my coworkers have reached out to check on me. The only time my supervisor contacted me was yesterday to say she is excited I am coming back to work and that pissed me off because she didn't even bother to ask if I was feeling ok and she doesn't know if I'm cancer free! I feel that they don't care about me at all and my feelings are really hurt. I work at the cancer center that I am receiving care, and I just know that they are going to greet me with their fake concern on my first day back. I honestly have no desire to work with a bunch of people who don't give a crap about my well being while I was going through active treatment and recovering from a double mastectomy. Apart of me feels like I am expecting too much from coworkers, but I expected more compassion and concern from them. I just don't know how to work beside people who ghosted me during my time of need. Am I being too dramatic and expecting too much? If anyone has been in a similar situation, how did you handle it? Please let me know if I am being a little brat about my situation and expecting too much. Thank you for allowing me to vent. I've been holding this in for months! Lol.

Edit: I just want to thank everyone for your advice and words of encouragement and wisdom. They really have helped calm my anxiety and allowed me to not harbor so much resentment. I am going to manage my expectations, be positive, and take it one day at a time. ❤️

Update: I returned to work on 1/9, and I was overwhelmed with the warm reception from my coworkers! They all embraced me and let me know they were praying for me daily. They were all respecting my privacy. They even bought a gift for me. I’m so happy, and I want to thank you all again for your advice. I’m happy for the outcome, but I would have still been ok if it were the complete opposite, and that’s due to all the wonderful advice I received. Thank you all again! 😊