Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Boyfriend made me feel alone entire cancer treatment 
Author: Any-Blood8906
Score: 57
Created UTC: 2025-01-03 02:31:03
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hsbu13/boyfriend_made_me_feel_alone_entire_cancer/

When I found out I was sick I had just gotten into a new relationship, about 6 months. I had invasive ductual carcinoma. I told him at the time that if you wasn't up for it that was fair and I would completely understand. 
I had surgery a few months later. I denied my mother being there because I wanted to be with him. I wanted him to take care of me. The morning of surgery came and he dropped me off at the hospital. Looking back now that really hurts me, I really resent that he wasn't there for me. He decided to go to work because he just couldn't miss the time. It was a lumpectomy, I was ready to be picked up within 4 hours. Now I really regret that my mom wasn't there when I think about it. 
During chemo he came to my first treatment, it was the only treatment he came to. I had an appointment with my oncologist that he insisted on coming to. He ended up storming out and leaving me at the hospital because it was too warm for him. Those were the only two appointments he ever came to. 
I had radiation and he didn't come to those either. 
When I was sick and tired he made me feel bad for being forgetful or not wanting to leave the house. He thought pushing me would help and honestly it didn't. 
When I was finished treatment I finally had the strength to leave him, I was feeling better. I moved out, but after trying to have no contact repeatedly he had his friends and family reach out to me to contact him. I did foolishly. I don't like him and I don't want to be with him. I've told him repeatedly that I don't want to be with him. I just can't seem to not be with him. I have tried and I just don't know what to do. 
I think I might just be writing this to say it all. I don't rely on him financially, there is no reason for me to be with him. How to I leave? And why can't I?
I've been to therapy and I just feel so stuck with him. 