Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Diagnosed last Tuesday - Already figuring out who real friends are
Author: ibjp03
Score: 89
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 16:18:57
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1i0hmmi/diagnosed_last_tuesday_already_figuring_out_who/

I was diagnosed last Tuesday with an invasive ductal carcinoma (grade 3).  I think I prepared myself emotionally for the diagnosis. I feel like my family is having a harder time with the diagnosis than I am. The severity may not have just hit me. 

I have had an outpouring of support, but I was taken aback by someone that I considered my best friend. She moved to another state a year or so ago for a job. Since she moved away, whenever she's in town, I don't get a phone call or text. I know when she's in town from social media because she tries to be an influencer of sorts. It hurt before, but I realize that she has a lot of friends and a boyfriend that she wants to spend time with. I never really confronted her about my feelings prior, I just let it go.

I found out on social media that she was in town again. I didn't get a call or text. With my recent diagnosis I felt very hurt that she didn't reach out at all to visit when she was in town. Even if she couldn't visit with me, I felt that she could have said something. So I texted and asked if she was in town. She said yes and I told her that I was really hurt that she didn't try to visit with me or let me know she was in town. Eventually it escalated to where she provided me a giant list of things she was diagnosed with. I'm not writing off what she is going through, because I simply didn't know as she didn't tell me, which is completely her choice. I just am finding it hard to empathize with her right now because of the timing. I call her out for not visiting with me when she was in town less than a week after my diagnosis, and then all of a sudden she sends me a literal list of things she's diagnosed with. I get that she's going through something right now, but she really broke my heart by not even attempting to visit while she was town. I get her not jumping on a plane to see me since she lives in another state, but she was here! She made the excuse she didn't have a car, and I was like...well I do. She could have just gave me the address to where she was.

I ended up making the statement "95% of the time if we talk, it is because I contact you and that I kinda just stopped trying because our friendship felt very one sided. Maybe we just aren't really friends anymore." 

Her reply back was "You have breast cancer. That was caught early. You will cut your breasts off or have chemo and move on with your life. It's a manageable and treatable disease process. It's a tough mental course, but you will live. No offense, but you will have one of the easiest case of cancer. You have all the things you need for a successful and easy treatment course. We are all aging and have our own medical conditions to treat and live with daily. It's the life cycle. Sure I can give you hug and say verbally hey it'll be ok - and be empathic - but me visiting you or not in the last few days - doesn't change or determine my level of care." 

I really feel like she minimized what I'm going through and about to go through and was rather cold. I don't even know what I will be going through and the not even attempted to reach out is the straw the broke the camels back. I just said I wish her the best and all the luck in the world. I do hope she makes it through whatever it is she is going through. We could have been there for each other. I really don't know if I'm over-reacting or that my feelings are justified, but I feel like the friendship will be hard to repair if we talk again. I feel more upset about how cold she was to me and our friendship ending than my actual diagnosis.