Title: I just don't know what to do
Author: DoSoDohLikeSo
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hsd5yp/i_just_dont_know_what_to_do/

Hi all,

I am at a loss right now. I don't know what to do or how to fix how I feel. I am extremely unhappy in my life. I feel overwhelmed, unmotivated, disconnected, terrified but numb, confused, and so many other things at once...

I am stuck in a job where I feel targeted for whatever reason. I have been making mistakes lately at this job but even before it got to this point the people I work with and for have made it obvious that I'm not someone the care to work with. I am stuck because I worked at this place while I was taking college credits and, at the time, one of the people in charge did say he saw my potential and reclassified me to keep me there but the classification wasn't on something I went to college for. Now, I am not retaining any new information. The people there are constantly triggering my PTSD so I'm constantly in fight or flight mode. I feel burned out but I can't get another job because everything I learned in college in essentially gone from my brain and the job I have now, I hate and I acknowledge I am not good at it so I can't move forward. I am responsible for paying some of my elderly moms bills so I can't afford a demotion.

It feels like I can't afford to live and I also can't afford to die because I have nothing saved and no plans for how anyone would even pay to cremate or bury me. I signed up for a service to donate my body to but that isn't moving. I think that's partially what's keeping me from ending my life.

I want to check myself into a hospital for treatment but I don't know how that will affect my work and my pay. I am also terrified to tell a medical professional that I have thoughts of ending my life. I can say I don't have a definite plan but I constantly crave death.

I know others have worse problems and I don't mean to diminish anyone else's pain. I don't have any friends. I talk to my boyfriend but I don't think he understands what I'm feeling so it's hard for him to understand how his responses affect me.

Also, I'm a grown man. I'm about to turn 47 and I feel like I'm too old to be having these experiences and feelings at this age. I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety since I was 18 or 19 so these feelings aren't new, they've just somehow magnified greatly. I am taking medicine and in therapy but nothing seems to be helping.