Title: What if I Don't Want the Transplant?
Author: canofwine
Score: 9
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1htbyj4/what_if_i_dont_want_the_transplant/

**TL;DR:** My health is garbage and I need a liver transplant. I have not had a very good life and don't have any aspirations for the future. I don't know who to talk to about maybe not wanting the transplant. How can I make others understand that I am too sad to go on?



My health has been on the fritz since I was diagnosed with Lupus in 2020. I spent most of that year in the hospital. When I balanced out, I spun out of control. I don't know if it was a response to the Plague, or my cat Thor running away to die, or my Dad dying months later, or my systematic, passive-aggressive SI by way of drinking like a fucking professional psychopath.

Everything was awful, I lost the ability to attend school because of my health, and moved back in with my mom. That drove me over the edge so I ran away. I just jumped in my car, Fionna, and took a month-long drive across the US. Tried to get established in NJ, got an unpaid job as a Script Supervisor for a Troma film in NY, and then when I could no longer work that job because I was getting sick again, I went camping to figure out what was next. I hardly remember those last few days, and apparently my body couldn't take it anymore. On August 19, I posted asking for help on IG and called 911. They found me, got me to the closest hospital, and then I proceeded to code 7 times until my heart could beat on its own again. I remember NONE of this, not even the post or the phone call.

It was a hard road but I was such a different person after: not anxious or frustrated or irritated; I took everything with a saintly patience and understanding and was just blissfully happy up until recently, as my docs and I discuss my need for a liver transplant.

But I am having second thoughts. As it is I am already in and out of the hospital, the edema in my body is seemingly permanent as it keeps coming back, I already am not supposed to eat most foods that contain flavour, and my depression is just getting worse.

I worked hard and can now walk on my own but my doctors won't let me drive, I keep seeing that I cannot have a kitteh, and I am just soooo tired all the time.

I am on SSI that only pays $600/mo which means I will never be able to pay rent so I'm realistically going to be living with my mom for the rest of our lives. The world is absolutely terrifying and America is especially scary and I don't really like anything about it anymore. The things I would love to experience on this planet are all reliant on money to see. I came out as asexual a couple years ago and I am very quiet and shy so I don't see myself ever having a relationship again or ever getting married. I was ignored by my doctors for so long that I have now passed the point of being able to have kids. My family isn't really a family, so when my Mom dies I will be all alone.

I have not only depression but PTSD, physical, sexual, and emotional abuse trauma, and I am waiting to get an appointment to get some other official diagnoses.

  
So I don't know. Life expectancy is only like 5 years anyways after transplant. I am starting to think that I don't want to take a liver when someone else would be more happy to be alive. I don't have anyone I can tell this to until I have made a decision. And if I do decide to die, how do I even approach my Mom about that? How does one advocate for their own death? I feel like no one will understand.