Title: i feel so alone and i wish i didn't exist
Author: 1138RoseRed1138
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hv48q0/i_feel_so_alone_and_i_wish_i_didnt_exist/

i have made so many mistakes and hurt so many people. a week ago i lost one of my partners. he cut me from his life because of my stupidity. i loved him more than anything. it was literally the *best* relationship i had ever had. we had something so deep and precious. and now its gone. 

i feel nothing but pain and anger. anger at myself. i did this to myself and i hate myself so much for it. i was diagnosed with major depression back in 2016 and the meds i'm currently on do not work. i also have really bad anhedonia and my ex partner was the first thing that had brought me joy in years.

i have an existing partner, and i just... all i do is scream and cry to him about how hurt i am. how i wish i could just stop existing. i cannot undo what i've done. i wish i could fix this somehow, but i can't. i am in therapy but everything feels so hopeless now. 

i've never hurt like this. i've been through a *lot* of breakups. but i had never been that close to another person in my life. i had never given so much of myself before. everyone hates me because of the hurtful things i've done, and i cannot make amends. 

my current partner wants me to get esketamine treatment. he believes it will help me. he was on it and it really helped him. i just want the pain to stop. i feel like i have no reason to get out of bed anymore. my ex was the reason i got up. i was SO excited just to talk to him every day. and now i have nothing to be excited about anymore.

i don't want to be hated by anyone, but especially not someone i loved so deeply. but no one will ever accept my apology. i am trying so hard to improve myself and be a better person, but i feel so hopeless. i don't know who to turn to. i can't see my therapist *every* day. all i do is scream and cry at my partner because i'm hurting so badly and i'm so depressed. he says thats progress, somehow.

i just needed to get it all out. it hurts so much. how will i ever get through this? i feel like theres no hope at all for me. a few days ago i had a complete breakdown and ripped a chunk of hair out. now i have a little bald spot. i don't know if i can ever get better. its been a week since he cut me from his life and i feel like its only getting worse. my depression has never been this bad before.