Subreddit: depression
Title: My story leading to suicide
Author: SpecialDig8881
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1huf0t4/my_story_leading_to_suicide/

In 2025 I'll finally kill myself.

Hi everyone. I'm 17 years old girl. My mental health had been really trash since i was like 13, one period of time i planned suicide before, but never so seriously as now. I hope I'll finally end it in October 2025, because my hope is dead and burried already.

My family had been always religious, mostly my mother's side. I didn't understand the stuff, but i had to follow. It got me feeling really guilty, scared that I'll go to hell when i sin. Trough the years I've seen immense amout of hypocrisy, they probably thought "i Can be a trash person and hurt anyone, also my kids, as long as i pray and go to church." 

My parents' relationship had been always shit. My parents' would always argue, and tbey would have opposite view on everything, probably just for the sake of arguing. That confused me and my brother as kids. We had to choose side which are we on. I am the older sister, he's 15 now. My father never acted like a father. Being a "fun uncle" is not enough , when you're the father.

My mother would always yell and argue,and beat my brother. Probably all the mess fucked up my little child brain, because now i have extremely poor memory, i barely remember anything, not talking about my childhood. From that period, i remember like 5 things in total.

I had to mature quickly and help once my mother, once my father. I thought as a good daughter, i should listen to their problems. Which was bullshit. They were supposed to take care of me.
Trough the years when i was like 12-16, i felt emotionally neglected. Because my mother had to do something with my troublesome brother and my father didn't care, who was there to take care of me? Noone. Even my first period was traumatizing since mother explained nothing.

The years of covid and the time slightly before, everytime spiraled down the abbys. My mother was always obsessed with losing weight, as well as my whole family. She stayed fat tho or jojo-dieted. So much she got me an Eating disorder because of her messed up body image. 

Also my brother, who had slight trouble before, started having serious problems, selling vapes at school, using weed and alcohol and maybe also some drugs i don't know about. He's really physically big and he was really violent, maybe for like 2 years. He came home and would beat my mother. I was so scared many times. I went to my room, listening to the arguments and fights, I'd be sitting down and trembling, ready to call the emergency if she got really hurt. My father did literally nothing to help the situation. 

I got past ED, but my depression never went away. Months ago, i started having health problems, begged and cried several times to my mom to take me to the doctor. She did nothing and the anxiety was eating me alive, thinking I'm going to die. 

To all of this suffering, i found out i was autistic. The whole time. Because i was a girl, noone in this crazy family who doesn't believe in mental health would think about it. It was all quiet suffering, ignoring my needs. I was lonely for my fucking whole life. If i could change anything, it would be the loneliness. People find out one has autism sooner than the person, they don't like them before knowing what's wrong with them. So i could never have lasting friendship. I was always lonely.

I tried to get help several times, trying hotlines, a club where were psychologists to talk to, school psychologist, i was taking pills by psychiatrist since 14... 

My hope was killed in june 2024 when my mother ignored my pleading for help. But it was burried in december 2024 when i decided to kill myself finally. Thank you for reading my story.