Subreddit: depression
Title: I don't want to go to high school anymore
Author: ExternalBlackberry86
Score: 2
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hv2vqp/i_dont_want_to_go_to_high_school_anymore/

Hello, I am a 17 year old student at a technical high school. Since the first day of this school, I already felt like not going. I skipped days and I somehow got through the first year with average grades (don't get me wrong, I am not one that actually disliked school. I was the top student back in middle school with straight As and some Bs) Now I am in the second year but everything has been like shit. Especially recently, everything has been going downhill. My grades have been the worst I had in my entire life. I managed to get a failing grade in like 5 subjects and they are all very important ones as well. It seems like me skipping days in the first year caused me to miss out on some pretty important things. But the thing is, there's no day in this goddamn school that is unimportant. I haven't even grasped some stuff from the first year yet and everyone has already moved on to more advanced topics while I am hopelessly still trying to understand some stuff to this very day. And in the next 3 weejs there are 2 exams and 5 tests I need to attend to. I am greatly overwhelmed by this and I just feel like dropping school at this point. And somehow I used to be the top student in my class back in middle school. I am not sure if that was because I had a crush on a girl back then or because the high school I now attend to wasn't the one I actually wanted to attend (I actually wanted to go to a high school where software engineering was one of the main subjects, but got forced into electricity instead as for some reason the school I originally signes up for had "no space for new students" anymore, fuck off with that, I made sure to wake up early just so I could be one of the first ones to signup) I also have been a loner since elementary school, so every day now is like slow torture to me with noone to talk to.

I am not sure what I can do at this point. I feel like I should just give up and try to redo this year and hope to get better grades, or just drop school altogether and hope I can somehow become a software engineer as a self-taught one.

I've been testing the waters with my parents to see how they would react to this, but it seems like they wouldn't support me even a bit if I were to leave school and start working. Especially my mother, which classifies people that didn't go to a university as slaves.

Note: this is a throwaway account.