Subreddit: depression
Title: Got evaluated today and feel like never going back
Author: Key_Confusion_3269
Score: 2
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hs4rh4/got_evaluated_today_and_feel_like_never_going_back/

Today I took a leap and got an evaluation. This was my experience. 

1. The lady did not seem very empathetic. During the times I broke down she gave slight comfort but besides that she was very straightforward and dismissive. I’m not sure if this is standard practice, but for someone in my state the demeanor was very off putting. 

2. She brought up my weed use far more than my sexual trauma. Despite me having reoccurring nightmares and breaking down every time I brought up the sexual abuse she said that I do not fit the criteria for ptsd and that despite everything, I seemed to have coped well with my trauma. This seems to just be for the fact I can openly talk about my trauma (even though it makes me emotional and I cried at multiple points trying to talk about it). I feel like my trauma has heavily impacted my life far more than smoking has. I’m also 20 (one year under the legal limit), I was trying to be honest, but her comment of “it’s illegal so maybe you shouldn’t be doing it anyways.” Made me very uncomfortable like I couldn’t actually open up to her. 

3. She appeared annoyed at me that I was not answering things straight forward. I was already anxious to begin with, she knew I was anxious since it’s one of the first things I brought up. She expected me to know exactly how my anxiety and whatnot effected me when sometimes I’m not even sure what’s happening myself. I answered things honestly from my perspective, but she didn’t seem to like many of my answers. She said something along the lines of “I’ve been very clear with my questions, you need to put actual thought into your answers.” I was putting thought into my answers but I was also very overwhelmed by many of these questions. 

4. She said my specific reoccurring nightmares were weird. She didn’t directly connect them with my trauma at all because I wasn’t directly dreaming about the person who did it to me. 

All in all, the experience was disheartening and I likely won’t be going back if this is what to expect. 