Subreddit: depression
Title: I really don’t know what to do anymore. 
Author: Ryan_Yaky
Score: 2
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1htzt97/i_really_dont_know_what_to_do_anymore/

I’m just gonna go out on a limb here and say this; i am probably a spoiled brat who’s hungry for attention. 

i’m just gonna keep this short as i can.
i’m currently 13 and i realised i actually have a lot of stuff. i always felt guilty about it but never really spoke up about it. as far as i can remember, i have never thrown a fit about not getting something my way. i also asked my parents and they said i never threw a fit when i couldn’t get something. i just feel super bloody guilty about having this many things, and i always appreciate them with all my heart since my parents work hard to make money, and use that money to buy these things for me. my parents say that what i can do if i feel this way is to just work hard in school, but i always feel like that’s not enough, even though i got top 25% of my level for exam scores. 
not only that, most of my friends end up coming up with excuses whenever i try to meet with them. i try to be the best version of myself whenever i am with others and my family, and i always take into consideration other people’s feelings. i wanted to meet with one of my friends, but they said they had homework to decorate something and bring it to school. the next day she said she wasn’t done with her project and i said it was okay. i still believe them, but i’m starting to have trust issues because i had another friend whom i made uncomfortable (i posted something else about this), and before he told me he was uncomfortable he made up excuses not to meet. another friend i also had said he wasn’t free at all during the holiday since he was travelling. i partially believe all this, but i think im the problem here. i’m always very “buddy buddy” with people and i think this is what pushes them to not like me. 

i feel like i can’t trust anyone but my family. this overwhelming sense of guilt hanging over my head is always here. i feel like i can never repay my parents. 

sorry this was a long one.

edit: i have not considered suicide and i will NEVER consider suicide. i have many things in life i need to do. i swore on my life i would make my life meaningful and repay my parents for raising me. 