Subreddit: depression
Title: I really don't know anymore
Author: Usual-Chipmunk3570
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1htednj/i_really_dont_know_anymore/

Hey! I just wanted to share my experience and just ask what I should do going forward on with life. I am a 19M I finished hs and am currently in college. I don't really know what life has in it, starting from a young age I have been severely depressed and I don't have motivation for anything. I have been depressed since the moment I started to have memory. I realized certain things much earlier on in my life which has left me in this position where I don't really know what to expect anymore. My parents and grandparents were extremely bias from a young age towards my sister. She got everything and everything that she wanted and was the priority. I truly felt like I was unwanted or was invisible. No one acknowledged my existence or bothered asking me what I wanted or even the essentials for school. I have gotten numb to the feeling of enjoyment of anything. I worked when I was 16 to get the things I wanted and after getting said things, there was no more joy. I truly don't feel joy. I visited multiple countries with my friends I've met already, and have done "everything" I can think of. Traveling is fun, but I don't feel the "motive" to travel anymore. When thinking of joy, I don't know what else to think of. I'm lost. I'm tired of living. 

I don't really think that I'm living for anything, but just surviving for my mom. Although she has been bias towards my sister her since she was born, I would say that she has been making it up from the past year as my parents got a divorce; my sister stayed with my father and we moved out. We live together but she's constantly going out of state for her job. Not to sound ungrateful about anything, but I truly appreciate her as a person, and as my mom. She has been through a lot and I love her. But I don't see myself anywhere in the next 10 years or so. I would describe it as I'm living life for her, and not for myself. I don't really know what it means to live life to it's fullest. It's quite ignorant for me to say  that I "know" all the feelings, but I think I truly do. Whether it's someone passing away, or the "joy", and sorrow I've experienced I really do not feel phased by it one bit anymore. I feel like as if I'm just living but not truly living. I don't really know what to expect in the future but I don't have the will to live, I have wished that I would go to bed, and never wake up again. The thought of death doesn't really scare me, but I am scared for my mom if I truly do pass. I do hope that I pass after my mom passes, since I don't wish for her to feel the pain of losing someone close to her, and just the thought of her going through pain. 

I don't really remember the last time I've felt hope or what my goals are. I don't really want anything anymore. I worked a lot during my teens to get what I wanted, and I don't know what the point of living is expect for my mom. I don't have anyone irl to talk to since no one knows I'm depressed. I like to just act as if I'm okay in front of everyone. I'm truly grateful for everything and everyone in my life, but I really don't care. I don't like myself, or anything, or "anyone". I really don't think I need a therapist, I've thought about it and I know that with being this mentally unstable, I need guidance but I truly don't think it's going to help with anything. Quite stupid, and senseless of me to say but I don't really see the purpose of seeing a therapist, I know my emotions and nothing is going to change that. 