Subreddit: depression
Title: I'm filled with neverending stress, anxiety and depression
Author: No-Hall3755
Score: 4
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hts3q4/im_filled_with_neverending_stress_anxiety_and/

I have so much I deal with I'm not sure what I shoud elaborate on first. As a child I was stressed out so much from other stressed people. It was always either a step-parent or people at school stressing me out. Majority of the time it was for me being unattractive or if they got upset at what I am doing. School really messed me up as I've been teased for almost everything including my appearance which I could not change. It all made me more anxious and filled with anxiety. It started to mess my health up a bit. When I was younger I also didn't eat the best and I regret it so much now. I also did not keep up the best with my hygiene routine like I do now. Essentially I was a procrastinating little kid who ruined his shiny white teeth and now has ugly, stained teeth due to all the stress, candy, and sugar. Now I am focused on it my routines all the time.

There were times I ate really unclean... lots of junk. Soda every day, sugar filled foods every day, and then one actual meal at night. At one point I had high blood pressure. I wish I was able to take all my mistakes back. Even as I became an adult I was and am stressed out to the borderline of no return. Due to every negative things in my life my health began to deteriorate. I suffer from a condition where hot air constantly comes from my nose and mouth. My breath comes off very strong and reeks to people no matter what I do. I brush everyday I floss everyday using different types like pick, water and regular floss. I mouthwash afterwards. I use the scraper and drink plenty of water. My tongue is still coated white. I don't remember the lazy time it's ever been consistently pink. Dealing with this along with other things lessens my will to press on in life. I don't want to be remembered yet I also do not want to burden my loved ones. For my own life I see not much point of anything. 

In addition my gut microbiome is, for better lack of a word, **fucked**. The junk from my past also ties into that. Now it feels damn near unrestorable. I've wasted so much money and time on trying to fix it. My stress and anxiety will never go away. I get judged for everything and I am rarely listened to or understood. To everyone who doesn't deal with my problems this is a reminder to not go overboard with stress and junk if possible to save your gut and health from not being like mine. Hardly anyone understands my pain, alot of people do not have to deal with that. My condition is pretty rare. Lots of people don't have the stress I have, they have normal fresh breath and clear nostrils. Living with my conditions is HELL on earth. Run from it while you can lest you end up like me. 