Subreddit: depression
Title: I have too many personalities and it makes me want to ☠️
Author: Comfortable_Top_4060
Score: 2
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1htlqya/i_have_too_many_personalities_and_it_makes_me/

Hey guys this is my first post and im sorry if it's hard to understand, I barely understand it either 😭

Recently I've been realizing that I have so many different sides to me that I can't even count. And it's not the normal sides you have with different friend groups or with parents, no. It's hard to explain but I'll give an example.

I recently transferred universities and for some reason I decided to get a fresh start and change my personality. I joined a club on campus and immediately I came off as extroverted and "sassy"(??) idk but not rude or anything. I'm not even an extroverted person but i felt that I had to show off in a way. I made friends even tho I felt as if it was all for nothing because it truly wasn't ME that was making the friends. And then I got into some trouble in the club due to a mistake on my part and immediately after that, I decided to become a different person and stop the extroverted act. My mind was just telling me to be quiet and act reserved to make everyone feel bad. I know it sounds so insane to hear and I feel terrible doing it but it's in moments of intense emotions that I don't realize im doing it. After it wears off, I think to myself and wonder why I acted that way.

Another example would be when I had a professor mid-term check in meeting, and usually in their class im nice and chatty. But during this meeting I literally acted so nonchalant and quiet. It's so embarrassing now that I think back.

I feel like I can never have just one personality and every single human interaction I have, I have to put on an act. then after the instances, I think to myself why did I act that way when it really isn't me??

In all seriousness I am not an outgoing or nice person. Deep down I don't care about things or others feelings (I don't know why? Sometimes I feel bad that I have this mindset but I always am drained and mind fogged). It feels like a chore to care about others and it's also a chore to keep the fake act, so im stuck with these chores and it's either I act or I don't act.

I hope this makes sense and I hope someone out there can relate :(