Subreddit: depression
Title: i feel like the last bit of hope inside of me has died last night 
Author: Magnetic-Space-2614
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hrd94y/i_feel_like_the_last_bit_of_hope_inside_of_me_has/

it was painful to spend another nye alone. truly painful. i thought it wouldn't get any worse than my birthday but it was. i spend all of my time alone but never felt this lonely before. it felt like a lightning strike. suddenly things shifted inside of me. i could see no future for me anymore. i couldn't see myself in a happy scenario. this is it. it is too late for everything now. things won't change. not in a year or 5. i don't see myself in my 30s anyways. i will spend another year like a rock stuck in this place forever. can't move and nothing can make me move. all of this loneliness and this pain, it drained me out. last bit of hope was dead. i had plans and resolutions in the morning. by night, they all seemed pointless. i felt empty and more dissociated when i woke up this morning. like all the sounds were gone and all the colors were grey. i felt like a robot. did my morning routine but i was completely emotionless. 

i feel so lonely. i'm so tired. i wish i was never born. i wish i wasn't who i am. i keep wishing for a terminal illness because i can't do it myself. existence is becoming more and more like a torture. i wish i could just vanish from existence without hurting anybody. i keep holding on for my family. they called me so many times last night when i didn't have any courage to answer and tell them i'm spending the night alone. i was ashamed and feeling like crap. i lashed out on them today for calling me so many times and i regret that too. which adds more to the guilt and shame i have for my pathetic life. i'm good for no one. my sister asked me if i'm fine today. i'm just a trouble for everyone with my failure of a life and unstable emotions. i will never grow up and never be a responsible adult. she could enjoy her vacation but she was worried about me instead... it should flatter me but it brings more guilt for me. she said i could give her a call on saturday to talk if i want but i don't know how to say that i see no point in living, no place for a change. and i also know what she has to say. i know what everyone has to say to me. i know all of the advices, all of the reasons, all of the ways to 'fix my life'... i just don't have it in me to do anything. i'm who i am in the end... i feel so embarrassed to be in this position. everyone knows i'm pathetic. 

how is this going to end? when is this going to end? when will things change for me? will i ever be happy?  when will i grow??