Subreddit: depression
Title: 2025 hopelessness (please read!)
Author: lost-in-r3al1ty
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hs9006/2025_hopelessness_please_read/

Hi, I am 17. 18 in 4 days. I have been in n out of rehab and mental health treatment since I was thirteen. I have grown alot n came very far since then. But I have been diagnosed with severe depression, PTSD, anxiety, BPD, n bipolar. I'm still getting used to these diagnosis but have experienced the worst with these. Anyways I have been out of treatment now for 8 days. In treatment I had a whole plan for my future, I wanted to get a job, be sober from the hard drugs I did, finish school, get my apartment, and jus be stable. I was so excited for 2025 but ever since being out of treatment I have been extremely depressed, isolating and only finding comfort in my friends. I have lost hope for my whole adulthood and have failed at being a daughter. I have been ignorant, selfish, untrustworthy, unreliable, and high every day since being out. New years eve I was in a shooting that really traumatized me, people have been making me feel like I am over exaggerating the whole story. I feel like I am seeking attention when I do t want any attention at all, I jus want to be heard that what I went thru was pretty life changing for me. I am at a loss at what to do from here. I turn 18 in 4 days and am thinking that maybe....I will live on 17 forever. Ik suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem but there is always proble.s arising. Depression has me in a chokehold and I am very hopeless. I feel like such a fuck up, I mean I have been a fuck up my whole life but I thought after treatment that I would be better and idk more stable. But no, being on my own is something I wish for everyday but again am scared to do on my own. My mind is a complete mess and I can't stop the thinking. I pray but feel like even what I am is too much for God. I have no direction in which I should go and right now I can't seem to see what even is good for me. I hate waking up everyday now, I don't want to eat. My room is a mess and I have to pack to move in 4 days. Death seems like the ultimate choice but I don't want to be seen as selfish even in death. Someone please help me. Idk how to push anymore. 