Subreddit: depression
Title: Rock Bottom
Author: lifetakeswork100
Score: 0
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hsdjnn/rock_bottom/

I’m at absolute rock bottom.

$30,000K+ in debt. A binge eating disorder that I’ve had for 14 years (I’m 32 now). I used to be extremely physically fit and have distal biceps tendinopathy that I haven’t been able to get rid of after 7+ years. Due to the tendinopathy and my lack of activity, I’ve snowballed with my binge eating and gained 85lb in one year. I am constantly scared that I’ll lose my job and have no financial security to bridge until my next job. The company I work for is owned by a private equity firm and they are constantly looking to make cuts. I’ve been extremely unmotivated in my work and home life. I don’t have any friends. The one friend that I did have moved to a different state a few years ago. I barely talk to any of my family. Dad has a wife and kids of his own and my relationship with my Mom has soured. She lives a few hours away from my by car, but I haven’t seen her in over a year.

I have one good thing in my life. That one good thing is my girlfriend. She’s stuck by me through all of my physical and emotional downs. She met me when I had six pack abs and quite a bit of savings and she’s still here after I lost all my money to essentially gambling on crypto and options trades. She’s the light of my life and honestly one of the only reasons I haven’t given up yet. I want to get better. For me, but she truly deserves it too. 

I had such high hopes for my 30s. I was going to start a small side business, own a house, get married, continue with my fitness, etc. Ever since I became financially unstable 3 years ago, my life has taken a massive turn for the worst. I can’t seem to get it turned back around no matter how hard I’ve tried.

I’ve been told to go on depression medicine and I’ve been told to see therapists. I’ve done both several times in my past and neither have worked. A family member told me that I should go on Ozempic to lose weight, but with my binge eating I don’t think that is a good long-term fix.

My life and my future have been COMPLETELY on hold. I’m exhausted from struggling and literally everything in my life feels like a major task. Even getting the mail or dropping the rent check off at the front office. My motivation to work is dwindling as well. It gets worse and worse with the weeks that pass and I can’t really afford for that to happen because I have targets to meet.

My Dad is going to be here in my hometown on business in a couple of weeks. I’ll be going to dinner with him. I talk to him on the phone maybe once or twice a year and visit him every couple of years. He’s pretty successful and I haven’t really told him how much I’ve really struggled in my life the last few years. I’d be so embarrassed and feel so weird telling him how awful my life has been. I feel like an absolute loser. A low-life loser.

I also have to travel for work in a month and see my colleagues. They’re going to see a massive change in my weight and I’m utterly embarrassed about that as well. As a binge eater, I’ve been hiding away for 6 months. Not seeing anyone except for my girlfriend. I feel trapped in my body and it almost feels like there is no way out with my injury. My injury took lifting away from me and going to the gym just reminds me of everything I can’t do anymore. I know I can do cardio and lift legs, but it just doesn’t do it for me. I don’t enjoy it like I used to.

There are many more details that I could add, but I feel like this post is already pretty lengthy. I need advice. I need hope. I need help. I feel like a failure and I will lose my job and my girlfriend next, the only things I have left, if this doesn’t get better quickly.

Thank you in advance for reading.