Subreddit: depression
Title: Could it be bipolar?
Author: No-Assumption-6075
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hufjl4/could_it_be_bipolar/

Hi I'm 29, AFAB living in the UK. So I've been clinically depressed for half of my life (since around the age of 16). I also have other brain disabilities but still work full-time (this bit is relevant in a bit). After my initial depressive episode, I started engaging in a lot of risky behaviour (seeking out sexual encounters; using substances recreationally and self-sabotaging my relationships). This occurred between the age of 19 - 23 & a lot of my sexual trauma stems from this period. I still struggle with feelings of shame and flashbacks regarding these and last year, (I'm 29 now), a doctor said it was likely I had PTSD.


Back in Summer 2023, I would have auditory, visual and mixed hallucinations which lasted for weeks. Some of these were random and some were related to the trauma I referred to previously. During this time, I slept maybe up to 4 hours, but most nights I slept 2-3 hours.

Nowadays, I have enormous mood swings which seem to be unpredictable in pattern. I take antidepressants but I am finding they don't do much to stabilise my mood. Back when I was started on antidepressants, the GP referred me to my local CMHT. The CMHT gave me a mental health assessment and then referred me back with referral for a psychoeducation course on trauma. I had no mental health problem that was serious enough to be referred to CMHT as I was still working.

This festive period, my mum admitted to me just in passing that a doctor told her she was bipolar years ago. This is the main reason I am worried I have bipolar as I have researched it is heavily genetic. My mum is alcohol-dependent and most of my blood family have estranged themselves from her. She can be aggressive and emotional. She is also quite self-absorbed at times.

I told my other half about my mum's confession and now she wants me to go and get tested for bipolar. I'm scared that the doctors won't take me seriously. Help please?