Subreddit: depression
Title: just putting it out there
Author: MintyBear0
Score: 3
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hse2jx/just_putting_it_out_there/

triggers for depression (obv), suicide, self harm.


i (17, almost 18) feel like my life has been a rollercoaster of a mess. so much has happened, and so much keeps happening. 

i wasn't created out of real love. my father and mother shared a week in a motel catching up, and i was the result. my mother found out she was pregnant with me in jail (having cannabis on her person before it was legalized). she wanted me, but my father didn't. they had dated in high school, but broke up. their reconnection was a fling, and so he opted out of being my father. he met me once when i was a baby, but that was it. despite that, and funnily enough, he went on to have more children. he stayed in their lives. estimated, we believe i have 14 half-siblings on his side alone.

when i was younger, my mother told me he was dead. i don't know why later on she told me he was alive. then when he really died in 2022 because of covid, she told me. i don't remember why, but that night she ended up yelling at me. so badly that my older sister took me out for ice cream in the middle of the yelling as a distraction. 

my relationship with my mother has always been rocky. absent father, no child support, her spinal issues and physical disability.. all of it added up. my sister, 12 years older than me, raised me from the moment i was born while my mom worked. it wasn't healthy, but she did her best. both her and my mom co-parented me, my sister taking the place of my father.

i've had a blessed life. but even early on in sixth grade, i wanted to commit suicide. i would look out of our apartment balcony and wonder what it would be like to jump. how would it feel? god, i prayed for a reason to be depressed so i'd have an excuse to jump. a valid excuse back then. i told my mom, but she never really did anything about it. a few conversations and that was it.

fast forward to 13, and i get diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) and Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD) only AFTER answering one of those "on a scale of 1-4 how do you feel" paper slips. it turns out my mother wasn't giving them to me to fill out, and filled them out based on how she saw me act.

it's been rough. my father's dead, my mother's been verbally abusive for years now ("stop acting dumb, you aren't ret*rded, you're not special needs, maybe i should send you to live with the crazies") as a few examples, it feels like i can never say the right thing, and i'm just tired. i don't cut myself, but i do scratch. i quit for like two years before recently trying it again. i was surprised by how easy it was to hurt myself, since beforehand it wasn't ever on purpose, just out of bad anxiety and nerves. 

i also suspect i have autism, and am going to get tested when i'm 18 since my mother can't say anything about that. she'd feel like she messed up as a parent if i had it.

i've been feeling more suicidal lately, and it's not a good thing. i'm just struggling, and don't know what to do. i could ask for more therapy, but at this point i'm just lost.

anything, words of advice or suggestions are fully welcome. 