Subreddit: depression
Title: I love the family I created, but it’s hard to live the life I created. 
Author: Kicked_Habit
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hrrnwo/i_love_the_family_i_created_but_its_hard_to_live/

I can’t talk about my feelings to a doctor, or anyone else, my wife (who is an absolute angel, and the most supportive person in my life) shouldn’t have to deal with my mental illnesses. I was heavily abusing drugs up until the point I was arrested for trafficking. I am now 27m and I feel as if I have no joy with anything in life. I can’t tell you the last time I had sex with my wife. I work a mentally rough job that is very demanding. From an outer view, my life is that of one many people dream of, my extended family look to me for financial advice, relationship advice, and life advice, when sadly they don’t see what I’m dealing with mentally. Even with the love and support that I have, I can’t find any sort of joy. I am prescribed lexapro and Wellbutrin for my manic depression. It helps a little bit but I still have a hard time waking up, getting motivated to do anything. I’ve been through addiction programs, help groups and all that. But NOTHING helps. I made myself stay sober from drugs since I was 19 but I am a miserable alcoholic, about 1.75liter in 3 days(gross I know). I stayed miserably sober till i got off probation at the age of 22, that’s when I started drinking but that doesn’t even help my depression. It is all my fault, I feel as if I have NO dopamine left in me. I broke my sobriety about a year ago, and I now take a few Percocets at the end of the work week, this has given me a drive and feel of dopamine that I haven’t felt in a while. It is so refreshing. Im sorry for venting but this post has helped me get a lot off my chest as I am not comfortable talking about this with anyone.

I guess my question is has anyone else dealt with this? I’ve tried help groups, therapy, working out. Nothing hits with me besides substances. I take criticism well, but I’ve tried to help the way I am feeling but nothing works.