Subreddit: depression
Title: Nice to meet you!
Author: Turbulent_Garbage201
Score: 3
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hv4k0o/nice_to_meet_you/

Hello everyone! Just a throwaway account here! I don’t use Reddit, ever. Something about today has me feeling some type of way, so I just wanna express myself before I go fucking crazy. 

(NOTE: This post is gonna be everywhere since that’s where tf my brain is currently at)

A little about myself; I am 20. I’m a college student who lives with their partner. I am currently unemployed (although I was working, but found it hard to work full time while being a full time student), I like gaming and anime. I spend most of my time rotting away in bed and on my phone

Very barebones, but I don’t want to risk anyone in my personal life figuring out that I am me. 

I have loving friends and family who know of my depression, but do not know the cause. To them, I’m quite the personality to hangout with. I don’t express weaknesses often and I am always joking with a smile. They live their lives completely unaware of what I go through behind closed doors.

In reality, I hate myself. 

Not in some quirky, “oops I made a mistake” way, but in a way where I can’t stand the thought of imagining myself happy.

I truly believe I am a waste of space on this earth. I am a fuckup beyond repair. I know I sound dramatic, but I can’t help but feel so undeserving of any sort of good will. 

I started showing signs of depression at 12, and was diagnosed at 13. I lost my father at 14 and ditched all of my close friends at 15. At 16 I tried to OD. At 17 I met the love of my life and we’ve been together since.

So maybe life isn’t all that bad. But everything I explained is only the surface level of things. 

My family was the type of family that believed that showing affection was a sign of weakness. The words “I love you” were as foreign to me and my siblings as my parents were to America. Yep, no surprise here. I was raised in a semi traditional Asian household. 

As for my siblings, they all hold some sort of distain towards each other. I have no idea what caused it all and why we’re all so different. My family is in shambles and we’re only trying to stay together because our dad died. 

My mom hates me. Well she doesn’t, but she sure as hell acts like it. Everything I do will never satisfy her. In her eyes I am already irredeemable. I am nothing but the child who continues to disappoint her. Even after she found out about my attempted OD, it was about her. About how she provided a roof over my head. That’s it. That’s supposed to magically make me normal.

I’m medicated, but I’ve been skipping for the past month. I’ve tried therapy, three different times in fact. Once when I was 13, then again at 15, then once more when I was 18. It doesn’t work for me. 

When I was 14, I watched my dad die. He didn’t die close to me at all. He was across the country. How did I see him die? Someone live-streamed it. I watched my dad’s lifeless body as the paramedics tried to save him. He just laid on the gravel, he was gone. There wasn’t even a sliver of hope. 

I brought it up because it relates to therapy. I opened up to my therapist about it and she told me that the person who recorded my father was not the person to direct my anger to. So who tf is?

Anyway, after that I stopped going to therapy. I felt like I wasn’t being heard. I don’t opened up to my friends either due to an experience when I was 15. I was labeled as selfish and narcissistic for constantly venting to my close friends at the time. I understand both sides to the story. I was depressed and they were burdened by the constant reminder. Regardless, I left my friends after that and spent most of my time not really opening up to people. 

To this day I struggle with talking to people about how I feel. In addition to that, my partner is the sweetest person alive and I love them with all my heart, but one time I was feeling depressed for like a week and I kept it to myself. When I finally opened up to them because I couldn’t bottle it up anymore, their mood turned sour. They didn’t know how to help me so their mood turned bad, which led them to treat me a bit differently than when I hadn’t brought up my depression. 

This has led me to have an even harder time to talk to people. I feel like such a burden. I just want to be happy yet I don’t feel like I deserve it. I want to step out of my comfort zone and better my life before I decide enough is enough. I am honestly so close to attempting to kill myself again. I have kept all my sleeping pills because it gives me a morbid sense of security that I can choose to end it all whenever I wish.

I have it all planned out as well. I’ve started to kill my online presence. I’ve stopped talking to people first. If I decide to go through with it, I won’t take my phone or car with me, as those will make it much easier to find my general location. I want to disappear. I don’t want to start a new life. I want to die. I don’t want my body to be found. I want it to be as if I never existed in the first place.