Subreddit: depression
Title: I'm SO sick of being so lonely and unwanted.
Author: Classic-Usual-3941
Score: 4
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hs8p6t/im_so_sick_of_being_so_lonely_and_unwanted/

I feel like it's never gonna get better, no matter how hard I try. Then if that's the case.... why can't I bring myself to end it?

Irl, I barely have a family who gives a shit about me. The only one who did, my mother, passed away almost a month ago. Now, all I have are my insensitive dad and annoying aunt. And the latter can't stand to hear me vent. Otherwise I have 2 close friends and a cool cousin. That's LESS THAN 10 people who'd even give a fuck if I was gone tomorrow.

Online, I'm the biggest scapegoat ever. I swear it's like people fucking LOVE to hate me. It's "hip". I'm not even allowed to express how my loneliness makes me feel without people taking dumps all over me. I'm an incel. I'm a creep. I'm this, I'm that. I can't anymore with people, I swear. Everything I'm being forced to go through is always "my fault." It's my fault I can't make any decent friends. It's my fault women wouldn't date me if I was the last guy alive. It's my fault I struggle with communication.

And I want to be a singer. To me, people are nothing, except a future music audience. On a personal level, fuck that shit. I want to go and see my mom again. Because I hate my life, I hate Earth and I hate people and society for fucking me over for 35 years, and making it feel LIKE IT'S MY OWN FAULT.

If I could only get rich and famous? People would magically care.

Why the hell am I still here if all I was ever meant to do is suffer and struggle? And get knocked down? Fuck, that's not a life! It's purgatory and I'm sick of it.

And today I realized part of why I'm so desperate to find someone I want to share a life with. It's so that somebody outside family WOULD care if I was dead tomorrow. I'm not asking for the moon. I just know myself more than anyone else. I need to be wanted. And right now, it's like, I'd announce I wanted to die today and nobody would even blink. It's beyond just being "unpopular". It's "people actively trying to make life miserable for me". All I want is LOVE, why is that such a taboo in today's society? Women: why do you hate me so much that you've driven me to near-suicidal levels? Thank you for making me feel totally unimportant and unwanted. I'll never be fully appreciated, hence why irl I'm getting meaner and more cynical.

To anyone who reads this post from the most worthless man in the world, thanks. :)