Subreddit: depression
Title: I'm ashamed but I fucking regret having been saved from OD.
Author: EuropoorHypocondriac
Score: 12
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1huqttn/im_ashamed_but_i_fucking_regret_having_been_saved/

I know I always can take a bunch of benzos with opiates and drink them with a bottle of gin and take the painless way out but I don't want my cat to be left alone and let my mom find out my half eaten face on a rotten body in a couple weeks and having to deal with all that traumatizing shit.

I haven't any siblings so it would be especially painfully for her even if she's fully aware that I can't stand life.

I know in so many ways I'm lucky as fuck.

I've cheated death like a dozen times since my teenage years. I don't have to keep a job or make any actual effort to keep a roof over my head and my stomach full.
I have friends who care about me. I've known romantic love a few times. Had multiple opportunities to start a family of my own. I've went through tough shit and came back. Since I was a child every one around me has always found me especially bright and very funny. I'm not even ugly. I've had a lot of opportunities to make something meaningful with my life.

But ffs I don't have any actual will to live or do shit for myself and my mental health.
Therapy seems pointless and a complete waste of time and money. I have no desire to accomplish anything whatsoever. Nothing bring me either a sense of fulfilment nor joy or even pleasure. Everything feel hollow and meaningless. I used to at least find some kind of relief from getting high af and getting laid but even that basic dopamine reward doesn't do the trick anymore.

Am I supposed to wait to die or wait for the world to implode or something?
What sense does it make to go through you're whole life depressed af and purposeless?

I feel like I'm stuck in a jail cell with no choice but to watch a 300K+ hours movie which sucks so fucking hard and doesn't have any actual point whatsoever.

Is taking care of my cat and waiting for it all to end or me to die really all there is in life for folks like me?