Subreddit: depression
Title: I am convinced that, in my circumstances, suicide is the rational and ethical choice.
Author: pleydell15
Score: 25
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1ht4tmd/i_am_convinced_that_in_my_circumstances_suicide/

I’m an animal trainer. For the past seven years I have trained only as a volunteer for rescues that have dogs with behavioral issues that, if not addressed, will lead to ‘behavioral euthanasia’. In that time I have worked with maybe 80 dogs - four of whom had to be euthanized after we exhausted every effort we and at least one Ph.D. behaviorist could make. i was with each of those dogs at the end of the- so they wouldn’t be with strangers and so that I could confront the consequences of failure.

Several weeks ago one of my own dogs killed another person’s dog - without provocation. Both the other dog’s handler and I were there and couldn’t prevent it.

I have been charged with two misdemeanor criminal charges and my dog was seized and is the custody of the local authorities. They have petitioned for him to be classified as a ‘dangerous dogs’ and be euthanized.

I have been working with experts to understand what went wrong. It’s fair to say that 50% of it was due to a training error on my part. I wasn’t aware that my work with my dog created this vulnerability, but it did. The other 50% was due to unusual circumstances that led my dog (who in three years has never shown the slightest aggression to other dogs) to mistake the victim of the attack as a prey animal.

Soon after the attack I spent six days on a mental health ward. I was suicidal and so wracked with anxiety (probably over my intention to kill myself) that I was barely functioning.

I left the hospital after arranging for the means I had gathered to kill myself to be taken away and convinced that staying alive was the right thing to do.

I have since come to the conclusion that I should die as an act of atonement for what the dog mine killed went through and for the horror its owner witnessed and is living with. 

My trial, which will decide fines for me and life
or death for my dog is next week.

I’ve been working with two lawyers, two expert witnesses and a private investigator to save my dog. The lawyers put the odds of success at 20-50%. I also have a psychiatrist and a therapist.

A huge amount of the coordination of our case has rested with me - by choice - as everyone agrees I am best placed to do so. However,
the emotional toll me is severe. I’ve never felt so tired in my life and I think it no exaggeration to say I have not felt joy or happiness since this tragedy happened in late October. It’s like a switch was thrown and all the ‘pleasure lights’ went out.

If my dog’s life is spared there is virtually no chance he will be able to live with me. Finding him an excellent new home will thankfully be straightforward. I am saddened at losing him,
but by no means despondent- so long as he lives.

I seem to have settled on staying alive through the trial - to give my dog the best chance he has at living and to finally be able to express my remorse to the dead dog’s owners.

If my dog is spared, I will kill myself in atonement for the one he killed due to my errors as his trainer and handler.

If my dog dies as well, then I will die with the guilt for his death as well.

I know now that the only component that interfered with my earlier suicide plan was my lack of silence. Once I admitted to having garnered the means, I was talked into admitting myself.

This time, my psychiatrist, therapist, spouse and close friends know I am intent on suicide, but do not know when I plan it or how I plan to do it, which has prevented them from having me hospitalized again.

When they ask if I have the means to end my life, I tell them truthfully - if not entirely candidly - ‘no’.

The components of two plans are compote then 10
minutes away from me, but have not been brought together.

edit: original text may have included too much detail of the methods I have planned



