Subreddit: depression
Title: Spiralling into depression again
Author: Massive-Process4701
Score: 3
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hshnu4/spiralling_into_depression_again/

Trying not to make this too long but there’s a lot of issues I would appreciate some feedback on and no one I talk to seems to understand how I’m feeling right now. 

I was very depressed several years ago but I managed to get out of it. I’m really happy with all the progress I’ve made since then. 

However, I recently learned the truth about why my parents separated when I was a child. Turns out my mother cheated on my dad.

Now I can’t help but feel like all the progress I’ve made the past few years, both mentally and financially, was actually the equivalent of nothing. And it’s now starting to seem like all the mistakes I’ve made through my life, actually make sense. 

I am a loser and everyone in my life has always seen me as a loser. Friends and family, and I have many of both. But I’ve never felt like any of them ever believed in me. Everyone talks about me like I have no future and if I’m being honest with myself, they are probably right.

I’ve spent the past few years working in childcare and saving money. The job is very rewarding and I actually love going to work. However it doesn’t pay very well and I will never be able to do it as a career. Because of this, everyone looks down on me because of how much I earn. But I am very proud of the work I do.

I was very determined the past few years to prove to everyone and to myself that I can get out of the depressed state I used to be in. These past few years I genuinely thought I was achieving that, but finding out the true circumstances about my parent’s divorce has made me re-question everything. 

If my own mother didn’t even love me as a child then obviously nobody else does now. I have always been unlovable and I probably always will be. 

I have always tried to be a good person but I have never felt loved by anybody, only pitied.

A good friend of mine took his own life a few years ago, I currently feel like the best thing for me would be to do the same thing he did, or I’ll have to endure this forever. 

I’ve already endured this for the first 25 years of my life, I don’t know if I can endure any more. I just want someone to care about me, truely. Is that really too much to ask?

I feel like I have so much love to give but no one to give it to. I want kids of my own more than anything. I want to give them the love that I never had. However I’ve never been in a relationship and that’s probably not going to change anytime soon.

Tried to keep this as to the point as possible, I apologise. Any feedback would be appreciated.




