Subreddit: depression
Title: Can't find the strength to keep going
Author: CoconutOk3119
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hup9u5/cant_find_the_strength_to_keep_going/

I am a 26 year old guy who has been winging it since I was born. I always just kind of did whatever my parents told me to a certain age. I finished high school and I had no idea what I wanted to do anymore. I signed up to uni twice, failed both times. I lacked both the motivation and understanding for a lot of things. I am now at an age where my parents don't interfere in my life, but they also don't know how to help me. I am extremely anxious to do simple things, and over the past few years, I fell into horrible relationships, bad people, miserable job environments and it kept destroying my confidence. I have now spent a complete year in my room (Jan 2024 - Jan 2025) doing absolutely nothing with my life. I have a few options right now, but I am struggling to accept either of them.

To make things clearer, I currently live in a very poor country, more specifically in a region that's falling apart and people are extremely hostile and dangerous. I can find myself a simple job here, be it through connections, family friends or whatever. The problem with that is that things here are getting worse, businesses are closing every month, joblessness and poverty is on an all time high. In other words, staying here not only affects my anxiety even more due to the people and environment, but also doesn't guarantee that I can keep/find a job or life even if I try my best. Everyone I've ever known has left this place long ago and all the younger people bail immediately after high school.  
My other option is moving to another country which was my main plan. I did this once before but chose to come home because I was thrown in a miserable warehouse job where I worked my ass off, came back home and felt like crying after being told how worthless I am every single day. I think that was the final straw which made me come back home and lock myself in my room. I have a new place to move out to and my friend from abroad helped me find a job. The problem is that I'm too anxious to take another step because I fear that I will go back to that horrible job environment with people telling me how bad I am at everything, and it scares me.  
  
My anxiety is on a new extreme and I suspect I might have other problems that stop me from fitting into society and cause constant panic attacks, even if I'm not working or doing anything stressful. I genuinely try but struggle to mentally comprehend a lot of things. I don't know if I have ADHD, a learning disability, hell, autism. I'm not a person to immediately call myself mentally disabled, but I've genuinely been trying to learn and do new things and it feels impossible lately. Our health system refuses to acknowledge mental disabilities, so when I spent a ton of money on psychologists and psychiatrists, it led to nothing. I was even directly told: "If you are really disabled, it's best not to diagnose you, people here don't take it well."

To sum it up, I have 3 options right now:  
1. Stay where I am, use connections to get a semi-decent job and hope the job lasts and I don't get hurt or killed in this dangerous place.  
2. Move out to a better country, get a stressful job due to not knowing the country's language and try to maintain it but live in a helpful and calm environment with better health, job and financial support.  
3. Suicide. No, I don't want to die. But it feels like I'm living a life I'm just not physically and mentally capable of living. It feels like a fever dream. I wake up, I watch the whole day pass in what feels like 5 minutes, I go to sleep. I can barely be productive for 5 minutes, let alone take advantage of every single second in those 24 hours every day. 