Subreddit: depression
Title: what does it take to feel fulfilled 
Author: Nearby_Bill5990
Score: 4
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1ht3bzs/what_does_it_take_to_feel_fulfilled/

tw: anorexia 

i keep reminiscing and reflection on my anorexia glory days. this time of year 6 years ago i was counting every calorie and loved being underweight. i had other interests and was still doing well in school but i felt fulfilled, and i miss it. yes there were a lot of shitty times because of anorexia but it also made me feel so good. i’ve been recovered for years now, and i can’t really see myself doing the whole thing again in my adult life, but shit i miss it sometimes. looking at calorie calculators and feeling so happy that i was eating less than that and that i was doing something productive by rotting all day and not eating was great. now what i really want is to be strong and muscular, but i would have to actually do some change in my life and actually have a purpose besides rotting and seeking comfort. i used to be really into yoga and i want to get there again but i also want to pretend i don’t exist. how will i be able to start college again and get a major in french when i dont know wtf i want to do with it and that i want to do different things. i kind want to do biology bc im interested in plants and animals and shit but my first two years in college i only did one science and one math course so id have to do a lot more work to actually do what i “want” but wtf is that?????? like i wish i could just put everything on pause and just rot for a few years and then restart when i have my shit together. i just felt like putting this drunken ramble out into the void. i just want to go back to when i was 15 or maybe 17 when i was about to start college and do everything different instead of wasting my time until now when im 21. i know i still have so much ahead of me but how the fuck am i supposed to change and be a better person. i’m starting school
again soon and i have a feeling i wont do well and go back to my shitty ways of not doing schoolwork and wishing i didn’t exist. 