Subreddit: depression
Title: All I Can Think of is Suicide
Author: tadashi9909
Score: 2
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hsgt6q/all_i_can_think_of_is_suicide/

As title states.

24 M.

I didn't have any friends growing up. Scorned and publicly humiliated by girls. My home life was troubled (family member with substance issues) although my parents did love me, even if convincing me accidentally that I was a worthless piece of human garbage.

I was always the beating horse in any friend group I found myself in. While I performed in the top percentile of test takers my grades were awful as I neglected schoolwork in favor of escapism (especially after getting into drugs in high school). I was considered a prodigal musician until giving it up out of spite. I re-entered music as my "career" path in college, majoring in music performance as it is the one thing that has brought me any semblance of joy. I am no longer considered exceptional.

I found a group of friends in college but have drifted over time. The flaws of others pick away at my capacity for understanding until I am only filled with disgust for them, even though I myself am one of the most flawed and despicable people I know. I now have only a few people who I would call a friend; however, they have all moved on with their lives and I am again alone, having isolated myself.

I have grown fairly attractive, even have been asked to do some model work at one point, but I cannot for the life of me act on women showing affection. I am terrified of intimacy, of shame and embarrassment. I am not a virgin, however I still feel like one. I have had sex a total of 2 times in my entire life, both of those times were initiated by the woman, and both of them I fell far short of expectation performance wise and the woman immediately cut any intimate intentions out of our dynamic out of disappointment. I therefore cut all ties with them whatsoever. I am terrified of humiliation and feeling less than anyone else. The moment I begin to feel exposed my immediate response is self-harm and thoughts of suicide.

I have resorted to gambling as my escape, and within a year and a half have lost every penny (70k ish) I've earned/saved and have wedged myself 15k in credit card debt on a waiter's salary. I have slowed down, but occasionally the urge to kill myself is so strong that it feels like the only thing that will distract me from it, further fueling the fire. I still pursue music, however the music that I perform and study is not anything that pays well.

Ive lost 30 pounds in a year. Being previously a regular gym goer at 180 pounds 6' tall, and am now 150 pounds. I eat very little, I feel unable to sleep even though I am constantly tired and I smoke cigarettes. The only reason I went to the gym was to build confidence. It didn't work, so I stopped. 

I have made 2 suicide attempts, failing both due to lack of willpower to truly send it (one in college, one as a 16 year old). I am considering another, and plan on doing as much good for those who need it before ending myself. I will try to at least pay back some of the energy that I have greedily stolen from the world and not returned, even though I know I can't feasibly come close. Why should I expend resources when I don't enjoy life, when those same resources could benefit someone who might enjoy life more.

Will probably half ass it again as I think I still cling on to some hope that things might turn around, even though I know that they only will if I make them. I've missed out on so much. I don't know what to do. I never planned on living this long but I'm still too much of a coward to die.