Subreddit: depression
Title: Tonight I am unable to sleep despite having had a great day
Author: Cokehyped
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1ht76fv/tonight_i_am_unable_to_sleep_despite_having_had_a/

Let me start by telling you a bit about myself, and my situation. I've never posted rants or thoughts on public forums before, but nothing else has helped so far. So why not give it a go? I apologise in advance for the wall of texts you're about to encounter. 

I am 30 years old and I have struggled with depression on and off for the past 10+ years. I was recently diagnosed bipolar (type 2) and since then it's felt like my whole life has gone down the drain. 

I quit my job, because I was unable to keep it while battling my mental health after the diagnosis tore me apart. As I thought it was just a quick decline, and I would get back on my feet within a few weeks or months, I was not too worried at first. 

Not knowing how the social system and insurance works in these cases (because I've never needed it before) it has left me without any income and a growing debt of currently 180.000dkk (~25000usd). The debt was obviously there before, but now needing to borrow more every month just to keep a place to live and put food on the table isn't helping. 

As it is for many the financial aspect and feeling there is no way out of this hole is the biggest concern I have; and the idea that I will not be debt free for another 15+ years scares the living sh*t out of me. Because how could I ever have a life that makes me happy, if I'm going to work my way up to 0 until I'm 45? 


I'm currently laying in bed. My (fairly new) girlfriend sleeping next to me. For anyone wondering how that happened; we've been together for 3 months and she's aware of my struggles. She too struggles with her mental health - so in some ways we are a great support system for each other. 

We've had a great day together. Cooked, watched movies, been on a long walk, and had great laughs. Yet, here I am. Cold sweating, crying, and worrying about my lack of future. 

The thoughts of not wanting to wake up tomorrow are still here, even on the good days. Because what's the point? 

For the past month or so it hasn't made a difference how good or bad my day was; the thoughts return regardless and they don't disappear until my body gives out at some point (sometimes after a few days). I am on prescription medication; both melatonin and additional sleep meds. I, generally speaking, limit my screen time at night (obviously not right this second), and I do all the other stuff I'm being told to do, to help me sleep. 

What do other people do to get through these nights? And what keeps you going in general? 

For me the most life-saving thought is that I know it would be unbearable for my mom and my sister if they one day woke up and I wasn't there. But even that thought is getting weaker every day; because wouldn't it just be easier to get it over with? 

I'm sorry for the rant; but it's now 6 AM and I've been staring at the dark ceiling since we went to bed at 11 PM. Although she is peacefully sleeping next to me; the one who brings me so much joy, here I am... Alone with my thoughts. 