Subreddit: depression
Title: Idk what to title this
Author: Splattered_Blue
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hrnlnv/idk_what_to_title_this/

I get the notion that not many will care about anything that I'm gonna type and that's fine. I'm not really asking for it. I just want what I've had on my mind out somewhere.

Idk what to say and idk where to begin or how to even  say any of it but here we go I guess.

I don't know how much longer I can stay here anymore. I'm not interested in putting any worry or fear in anyone but I'm being honest when i say I think I could leave right now if I really follow through with my intentions. I have every opportunity and moment to do it.

Basically I am going insane and I don't have any other option but to accept the fact that im gonna get worse because my brain and body doesn't wanna respond well to any forms of medications to treat anything I have. I can't get into therapy neither and if I could, it wouldn't work. I've been in therapy for years. I also haven't been in it for years aswell. It didn't work. Even if it was to somehow work now, it wouldn't even matter because I still can't get it. My mind and mood has only deteriorated and is continuing to do so pretty rapidly. I'm in extreme levels of paranoia, depression, stress and ocd and more. I don't wanna name too many things i have atm because I don't want it it to sound like a bunch of lies or some pathetic attempt to seek attention. So I'll just say it's things that are severely tampering with my every day life and its causing me to be very erratic. I want and need help but I can't get it. And that thought is making everything much more worse.

I've become more and more in love with death lately yet, I also still deal with death anxiety and it makes no sense to me. The thought of "I'll die some day even if I somehow lived to be an elder. I still don't have a choice" I'm just gonnaiterally cease to exist some day and I can't reject it. And I have no idea where I'll go or what will even happen. It's just super scary at times. But then sometimes I get extremely Suicidal and think about violent ways to end my life and it sometimes gets very tempting and it doesn't even scare or bother me a bit so idk wtf any of that even means.

Idk where to continhe so here's a summary of a good portion of it I guess.

My memory and speech is getting noticeably bad.
Same with my mood and paranoia.
I can't sleep most nights.
I'm becoming more and more manic and eratic.
My health overall in general is going downhill.
I canerratic. be awake or sober otherwise I'm just miserable in some ways or more.
(Worst part is that I have bad insomnia and can't stay asleep for long when I do try and sleep usally.)
I really really can't get any of the help that i know i desperately need. I'm extremely overwhelmed with truama and other things I've endured. I'm not gonna complain because I don't feel like I deserve the right to do so. Even if I did, it wouldn't matter because I know that I shouldn't. I've been born with some serious issues that have only gotten worse throughout time. I'm alone constantly.
My friends and family don't take me seriously. Nobody does. I've been badly bullied and beat by other ppl through my entire childhood and never got any help for any of it. I'm now convinced that nobody will ever just love me or care to help me and see me improve. Nor will anyone take me seriously.
I don't have anyone to help me with anything.
Nobody really cares. I've seen and understood it very clearly.

Nobody understands me and what's happening.
And if they did they would still rather ignore it.
I'm severely OCD and Bipolar. Depressed and anxious.  Overwhelmed and scared. Lonely and miserable. And havebeen dealing with some hallucinations. I'm easily bothered and always uncomfortable even when I try to not be.  My memory is getting bad. I can't speak properly. My eyesight is getting bad. I have a skin disease that can be difficult to live with. What self confidence I did have has been taken. I'm insecure and don't trust anyone at all. I try very hard to enjoy life but I'm not lying when I say I am literally incapable of it no matter how much patience and effort I give it. I try to be happy and I just can't. I can't even remember what security and comfort even feels like anymore. Having nowhere or nobody to go to when I need something or someone hurts me deeply. I feel like I'm a great dissapointment to people
I feel like a low life loser that has nothing to show or live for. Im not even trying to be mean or hard on myself on that neither i just feel like its honest and realistic. 

Either way despite all of the paragraphs that I've wrote here, it stil isn't even all of it. Regardless, I think I've had enough and I know I'm not strong enough to continue on. And I don't wanna get any worse. I don't wanna die like this. I don't wanna die alone. I just wish I was never born. I feel like life's test dummy or just a project. I wanna be grateful that I've been put here in this thing called life but I can't no matter how hard I try. I'm thankful for whatever and whoever I should be thankful towards though. But it still doesn't really change the fact that I've had enough and I just want to leave. I've tried to fight through it all but i've honestly just had enough of it and I dont think i can go on anymore. I just wanted someone to genuinely understand and care about me. I wanted to feel and be loved by someone and I wanted to love someone in that way too. Instead I only got the opposite. Nobody really understands or cares for me. I feel abandoned and ashamed. I don't trust anyone anymore. I can't do this anymore. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't. I can't.