Subreddit: depression
Title: I hate who I have become, and I’m in constant pain all the time 
Author: Extension_Distance98
Score: 5
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hsk4gy/i_hate_who_i_have_become_and_im_in_constant_pain/

I(21,M), am a 3rd year undergraduate student, the only thing that was stable in life was my career. Now that my 5th semester GPA came about, I don’t think even that’s in place. I was diagnosed with progressive & inattentive ADHD, Severe Anxiety Disorder as well as Depression in my 1st semester of university. I was severely addicted to alcohol, smoking, had terribly disordered eating and was literally living life like I’m filth. I somehow managed to make sure my acads stay on track and so do my career goals. I was addicted to a point where when who I thought was the love of my life confessed that she liked me (something I beat myself over to even to this date), I didn’t say a single word because I was heavily drunk and understandably so, things fell apart. The next semester, it all went down even worse. I cut down drinking quite a lot considering that I was on meds. Although I tried so hard, my GPA plummeted. My relationship with sex also got ruined because ever since I was young, I had been groomed multiple times, and I started using casual sex as a coping mechanism. Fast forward, I tried fixing my GPA after the summer and summer was great, I was off meds, working, travelling, met a really nice girl but we had to end things after summer was over. That semester, my GPA improved by quite a bit, did a lot of projects, got back on meds, and I continued working my ass off for the semester after. However, this time, the results were abysmal. I scored horrendous even with putting in so much effort that I failed a course I was studying for day and night due to a plagiarism flag that I couldn’t appeal for. I hated every single bit of my life after that. That summer, I spent working remotely and that significantly increased my marijuana usage. With all the things going down the drain, I was using marijuana, stuck in a toxic relationship & also was being sexually taken advantage of by my plug. I hated every bit of my life but as long as I was high at the end of the day, I’d forget. This semester is when it actually was the worst. I was diagnosed with multiple chronic fissures, where it pained to a point I would avoid eating. A WHOLE SEMESTER OF pure PAIN and low self esteem for a problem I couldn’t even share with my professors or friends properly. My depression got back, marijuana relieved the physical pain a lot, I kept using it, but I felt pathetic because I didn’t want to use it sm and when my friends started distancing because of this, it was hard to explain that I was only doing so to avoid the physical pain. Again, GPA plummeted. I quit drinking, I quit watching porn, I quit smoking, I quit using weed, and I still feel like fucking shit even though I like to pretend everything’s fine. I suddenly have so many problems with swallowing food, anything with a little bit of spice puts my tongue on fire, I JUST CANNOT EAT AS IF IT WASNT BAD ENOUGH ALREADY. I FEEL FUCKING STUPID INFRONT OF EVERYONE WHEN I KNOW I AM NOT. 

I don’t even know what to do. No motivation, idk what happened to the ambitious me.