Subreddit: depression
Title: i want to kill my self but i’m too scared 
Author: FreeYou7114
Score: 2
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hsxml0/i_want_to_kill_my_self_but_im_too_scared/

for context (f16) the past 2 years have been the worst years of my life. i don’t wanna sound dramatic because people have told me several times that i am “just being dramatic” or “overreacting” but i don’t know if i am. It all started with my ex boyfriend who was a narcissist and had mentally abused me for months. but it was my first love and the only person i really ever had. he left me for other girls which didn’t surprise me but it was more so the things he had said to me during the relationship that broke my heart. I never had many friends especially at school i had a really hard time making friends and socializing growing up. i’ve always just been a quiet kid. which i don’t really mind but being alone all the time isn’t the best feeling.. especially when ur the only person in the lunch room not sitting with anyone. My parents are emotionally unavailable so whenever i had tried to explain to them that im mentally not OK they had pushed it off.. my mom had said to me “just go make friends” or some shit advice like that whatever. i had gotten diagnosed with all these medical problems this year ?? like hypothyroidism and hashmoto??? so that contributed into me gaining a bunch of weight out of no where and made me so upset i developed a eating disorder. which made me hate my life even more and made it a living hell. my parents do not help and they make everything worse i just wish i had some reason to stay maybe that’s why i feel like i need my ex because it was the only thing that made me happy and a reason to stay. and not only these things i started using alcohol and drugs to cope with everything making it even worse but it’s the only way i can feel good for a little while. i don’t know it’s just been really hard and i just feel like everyday im just at war with myself and going deeper and deeper into a hole. i just wish i had a reason to stay and someone who made me feel good about myself and makes me want to be alive again. just want a reason. 