Subreddit: depression
Title: I need help with what to do. I’m lost and every day is a struggle 
Author: EarthDazzling3748
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1htoji9/i_need_help_with_what_to_do_im_lost_and_every_day/

28m I need help

I 28M have never posted on here or really any social media for that matter so my grammar and the way I speak might be imperfect but I don’t know what to do anymore. My girlfriend 25F of 5 1/2 years broke up with me back in March.

       She was my first girlfriend. I had never been in a relationship before or since she changed who I was for the better and made me experience love in a form. I still feel to this day.

        However, over the past two years of the relationship before the split is when she started to fall out of love with me, and I was clueless to see anything. We lived together from our six month mark of our relationship all the way up until the 5 1/2 years when it ended.

         The beginning was amazing. Our first year together felt like something out of a fairytale. It’s the one time in my life up until that stretch that I had truly experienced happiness to a level I had never thought I could achieve. Although I was naive. I was so happy and got so comfortable that I slowly forgot about my duties to her. The dates were less frequent I kept doing my own thing without balancing her into the equation we started to fight more and more. On top of that we had both been forced out of work for at least 3to 4 weeks because of Covid which caused us to lose our apartment.We then debated breaking up but I convinced her not to out of desperation to be with her and right my wrongs so that one day I could marry her.
            We ended up moving into her brother’s house who was kind enough to let us both stay there while we got back on our feet. I had taken a new warehouse job that gave me good money to help us recover the debt that we got ourselves into but it required me to work from eight in the morning to whenever the work was done, which would sometimes on average push into 11 PM to 1 AM most nights. She is a preschool teacher so as you can imagine, we started seeing less and less of each other and it ended up further wedging us apart. I would fight desperately in every single way to try and make up for the wrongs that I had done throughout the relationship, but at that point, I feel like she had too much resentment towards me to see any of the good that I did. And the more mistakes that I made the more she resented me. A year before we broke up she told me that she had fallen out of love with me, and no longer felt any kind of romantic involvement that she would want to pursue, and like an idiot I tried to work on things even more and even harder than before, and convinced her to stay with me still. It only got worse as this past March came up. 

    The small argument we had that Saturday turned into the last argument we would have as boyfriend and girlfriend, as I would pack my things and reluctantly move to my mother’s house, a mile down the road. My ex and I cried together, reminiscing about our past and embracing as emotion flowed out of both of us. After we had calmed down , she insisted that she wanted us to both work on ourselves separately, but not seeing anybody else. She wanted a break from our relationship and I was stupid enough to believe the words when she said them to me.

          The first month was awful. I couldn’t sleep. I couldn’t eat. I would still and still do talk to her every day. We share locations still which I know is a bad idea, but I can’t help myself to not know what’s going on and it has admittedly hurt me in the long run even more. I don’t know what possessed me to talk to her about what she had been doing, but the conversation ended up with me finding out that she went on dates and was doing things with the guys she had been meeting online. It rips my heart in pieces anytime I think about her with someone else yet I still cling to her and love her without any reservation and I know it’s bad for me but I don’t know what to do. she makes it sound like she wants to be in my life and hopefully have something in the future, but I just found out last night that she went on a date with a guy that she had never met and I checked her location and she’s still at his apartment. I’m not stupid. I know what happened, but I can’t help but still love her. I don’t know what to do guys I wanna spend the rest of my life with this woman, but the other side of me is disgusted with her and every time I think about her, it feels like a little chunk of a hole in my heart gets a little wider. I know everyone is telling me that I need to go no contact and I know they’re probably right, but I can’t bring myself to do it. Every day is a struggle to even get out of bed and it’s been 10 months. Are long-term break ups always this bad or am I overly attached to my first relationship? 

          Every day is a struggle for normalcy and a hearing to have my suffering end but it’s still as painful as the day it happened. What do I do?