Subreddit: depression
Title: My battle with depression and porn addiction at 18.
Author: CerealAxeMurderer
Score: 6
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hu17tt/my_battle_with_depression_and_porn_addiction_at_18/

I've been lightly using gradually less and less explicit alternatives to porn in addition to changing my lifestyle in order to overcome my porn addiction.

For context during Covid lockdowns I first began watching porn (I was 14 then). Back then I never used it nor did I masturbate regularly, with once maybe twice a month being the most. When I was about 16 external circumstances led to my mental health becoming really really poor and I began to abuse porn as a way just to feel something. Eventually my circumstances improved and my porn usage dropped to at most once a week. There were however brief episodes where it would spike dramatically however they never lasted more than a few weeks.

When I started my final year of High School, my stress levels quickly began to rise higher and higher and my already piss poor social life became basically non-existent, leading me to go looking for an escape.

Especially towards the end of year 12 when all my and my friends time had to be put towards studying, and my stress reached an all time high, it became clear that I needed a quick and easy temporary stress reliever to simply be able to cope. I consulted my therapist about this and he suggested several options including using masturbation as both a temporary stress reliever and as a means of encouraging/rewarding myself for study. *(I did also implement some of his other ideas including working out and eating better btw)*

Even though I did already jack off fairly regularly (as every horny teenager does), I had always thought of it as simply pleasurable or as a means of fulfilling my natural horniness. Anyways I tried it out and although it had its downsides, being able to take 5 minutes to rub one out and in return give my self an hours relief from the constant borderline breakdowns I was always having was an absolute life saver. While I did keep my routine of jerking off in the shower, I obviously couldn't take a shower every hour or so, so I began using porn again because I (like most people) get off faster and better with something to look at. This worked exceptionally well for a while until it got to the point where id have a porn video and a picture of some boobs up on a seperate tab so I could flick between my notes and that for instant relief on command. At this stage tho, while I did feel like it was getting a little out of hand I still thought as tho the short term benefits outweighed the consequences.

I began to realise I had a problem after I graduated and I got to know a new group of friends who are now my first real friend group in almost 10 years. I started to watch them all talk about their romantic relationships and how great their partners are and realised that I was 18 years old with no dating experience. Essentially I realised that while everyone else was living their best lives, I had wasted ALL my teen years sitting in front of a computer screen fantasising about exactly what I could have been doing instead. While they were hanging out and having fun, I was watching porn 3 hours a day because my anxiety was so bad I cant socialise, BECAUSE I had spent so much time watching porn.

Only now am I realising just how right Ferris Bueller was... *"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around every once in a while, you could miss it..."* So far **I'd missed my life.**

This brings me to one month ago when I first started seriously trying to overcome my porn addiction. Ive tried and tried to drop it but I cant seem to stay clean for more than a few days. (Today is day 4 of the most recent, the most since i started). Ive started going to the gym, socialising, and going out as much as possible which has helped my mood immeasurably. Ive also realised that i'm hardly getting naturally hard beyond a semi at all. Not even in the shower. Ive also realised during my recent relapses that the second i'm not being visibly stimulated by pornography, my erection dies instantly; and that even when I am doing that at least 70% of the time i'm struggling to maintain it.

As i'm typing this the urge to watch porn is immense but so far I haven't given in. I did however try a new approach a few hours ago where instead of relapsing I scrolled an NSFW sub like [r/sex](https://www.reddit.com/r/sex/) or soft porn without masturbating just to take the edge off. <---- I do want your input on this btw if you have any similar experiences.