Subreddit: depression
Title: Am I depressed or do I have depression?
Author: SpiritedLet7647
Score: 2
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hrmuet/am_i_depressed_or_do_i_have_depression/

It’s been a while since I’ve been thinking this but I always thought that I don’t care if I die today but I’m not going to kill myself and since like a month or two ago I’ve cried pretty much every single week at least once and I’m so burnt out that I can’t even do my homework until the very last minute. I’ve procrastinated before too but it was never this bad like before I would do my homework at 6 or 7 to like 10 but now it’s like 9 to 12 and if I still don’t finish I rush in the morning. Keep in mind I am a teenager so yes I’m aware my brain is still developing and my hormones are constantly changing but even then my binge eating has gotten even worse and I’ve gained like 4 pounds in less than 2 months. I also write in my journal sometimes and when I go back and read you could see just how upset and almost suicidal I am. I’ve had these thoughts before but usually I would follow that up with “nah I’m not being fr or I’ll never actually do it” but now I don’t do that anymore. I feel so bad that I just stay in my room all day avoiding my parents so I don’t get triggered again by them speaking and cry again. I’ve always been the kind of person who doesn’t really cry easily but now I cry when I’m watching reels on insta or even when I read a webtoon…. A WEBTOON. Like here’s something I wrote in my journal, “why do they think I watch sitcoms and romcoms or just comedy in general? Becuz it gives me the happiness I don’t have in my life. Why do I stay in my room all day? Because it’s safer than dealing with two people who literally eat my brain, literally because it continues to atrophy the more I’m with them. Why do I watch the same shows over and over again? Because it gives me the nostalgia that I was robbed of after repressing over half of my childhood, and no it’s not just infantile amnesia.” I can’t really get help without my parents finding out and I can’t really tell anyone because I tend to bottle up my feelings. What should I do? Am I depressed or do I have depression? 