Subreddit: depression
Title: Life with depression
Author: throwaway901i53634
Score: 2
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hrnkx4/life_with_depression/

I've been depressed for as long as i can remember. It's starting to get really exhausting to the point where I don't know how long I can keep going through these emotional cycles. When I was really young, like 10-11 years old, i remember skipping school for days at a time simply because I couldn't handle leaving the house that day. I remember faking illnesses so I could just stay home and play video games or lay in bed all day. But at that age, most days were okay for me. Fast forward a few years, at the end of my 7th grade year I found out that we would be moving out of state. I had to say goodbye to the few friends I had and try to adjust to a new life in California. I remember looking out the window at the place I'd be leaving behind as we drove away, knowing that my life was going to change forever. Going into my 8th grade year, I found it really hard to make friends and was bullied throughout the year. I was made fun of for the paleness of my skin, my weight, my voice, my clothing, etc, and was often told i looked like a "school shooter" What little self confidence I had left at that point was completely demolished. I remember many a night crying in my room, knowing that I would have to go back and endure this all again the next day. I skipped a lot of school that year, but home wasn't really much of an escape for me either. I have a narcissistic mom, who would constantly belittle me and my siblings, pick fights, insult me, scream, throw things, etc. And my dad would allow all of this to happen, always choosing her side. The fighting between them was constant too, and my siblings and I were essentially made to pick sides most of the time. My mom would often get us on her side and complain about my dad to us. Well things got worse for me throughout high school, and my mentality sunk further and further. Eventually, during a very low point in my life, I stopped going to school completely. My parents were not understanding of what I was going through whatsoever. Every morning they were in my room screaming, ripping blankets off me, shoving me around, and they'd get my sisters in on this too. I remember one day specifically where I they came in, ripped my blankets off, were spraying water on me from a spray bottle, and of course threatening me. Eventually I broke, I barricaded the door to my room and didn't come out for weeks, except for at night when they were all asleep to get food, water, shower, etc. I understand that this wasn't normal behavior but I just genuinely couldn't handle my life anymore at that point. One day as i was getting out of the shower, I came back to my room to see that the door had been removed from its hinges. my computer had been taken out of my room, as well as my phone. At night, they would take all the remotes to the tvs and pretty much anything that they thought would possibly entertain me. I was shunned and treated as less-than. I tried to hang a blanket up in my doorframe for a little privacy but this was ripped down over and over. This was one of the darkest times in my life. I had nothing to do or distract myself with, and lived with a family who seemingly all hated me. Eventually, I went back to school, and the couple friends that I had told me that I "was gone too long" and they didn't want to associate with me any longer. After this I had no real friends, didn't talk to anybody, and my self confidence and self image were basically non existent. I contemplated suicide many times, I'd think about how people would react, or if they'd even care at all. Eventually I turned to substances. I'd smoke weed daily and drink occasionally . This went on for years and progressed over time. Eventually I was blacking out every night and still smoking everyday. I just got sober a few months ago, and while things were good at first, it looked like my life was going in the right direction, eventually things returned to the status quo. I haven't relapsed, but I feel myself sinking into depression more and more. I still don't have any friends, I can't seem to form relationships with anyone and at this point ive just given up, my social skills are severely underdeveloped, I have no higher education other than high school, and have no idea what I want to do with myself or my life. Every time things seem to be getting better, it all just comes crashing down again. And it hurts worse every time. I've been going through these same cycles for over 10 years at this point. I've tried anti depressants, therapy, exercise, new hobbies, anything i could think of, but nothing has a long lasting effect. I keep waiting for things to change, and I know nothing will without me, but I can never seem to muster up the motivation or willpower to do it. i thought getting sober was going to be the turning point in my life but now I'm not so sure. sorry for rambling I don't know if this is coherent or not but I just needed to get it off my chest.