Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Shoulder soreness/pain and Keytruda 
Author: BabyGiraffe1228
Score: 8
Created UTC: 2025-01-02 15:18:00
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hrvzdz/shoulder_sorenesspain_and_keytruda/

MY SHOULDERS WORK AGAIN!!!!! 🥳

Have you been suffering from joint pain or muscle fatigue after completing infusion chemo, Keytruda and Xeloda?

I finished infusion chemo in May 2024, took my last dose of Xeloda in Nov. and my last Keytruda in Dec. Around the first of Oct. I started having pain in my shoulders, mostly the right one. That progressed to both shoulders to the point it hurt to sleep on my sides, put on or take off my shirt, and pull up my pants. Not an excruciating pain, just an annoying discomfort as if I had been lifting weights for exercise (not something I do). I did some PT in Nov. thinking I had an injury, it helped some at first but then got worse. 

I like to do yoga and it got to the point I couldn't hold poses or lower myself with my arms. Chaturanga was impossible, same with push-ups. I had lost all my strength. The soreness became constant and I felt like my body was deteriorating. While it didn't affect my overall lifestyle, it was an inconvenience and disappointment. I did great through all treatment, with very few side effects. Talk about a gut-punch when I was months-out from the worst of treatment and my body was telling me it had had enough now. 

I decided to talk with my chemo educator in the Oncology office. I needed to express my frustration and see if someone could tell me if this was normal recovery or not. I HATED the idea of complaining about something that seemed so minor but I knew something just wasn't right. She talked with the oncology doctor and was reminded that KEYTRUDA CAN CAUSE AN AUTOIMMUNE RESPONSE in the form of joint pain and muscle fatigue!!!! So I went for bloodwork and was put on a low-dose steroid. 

2 days later and my shoulders feel great!!! 😃
This morning I did my yoga and could hold plank and do chaturanga!!! 

TLDR: If something doesn't feel right, tell your doctor!! If you took Keytruda and have joint pain or muscle fatigue, talk to your doctor! 

Because I'm a yogi, I have to share a quote that was part of my practice today... 
"Yoga helps us let go of the things we can't control and teaches us to know the difference of what we can and can't control."
We can't control how our bodies react to cancer treatments. But we can control what we do with that information. 