Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: It’s not really the waiting… 
Author: SpiritedBluejay157
Score: 73
Created UTC: 2025-01-11 12:37:53
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hyv0gf/its_not_really_the_waiting/

Maybe, literally, the first thing I heard about all of this is “the hardest part is the waiting” and I’ve been told this a million times since. There’s truth in it, which is why it’s a cliche. I was managing the waiting. Waiting is getting a biopsy and being told you’ll have to wait 3 or 4 days for the results. It sucks but I was warned and summoned the resources to cope. Waiting is being told that there are all kinds of appointments needed before treatment can begin. Ok. I understand why that is absolutely necessary. I can do this!

What sucks more than the waiting is all the shit that goes on in between. I could expect surgery in about six weeks, I was told during the initial visit, when every morsel of information is seared into my mind because of the newness and intensity of the situation and cuz actual doctors were telling me this. Five weeks later—late on Friday afternoon—I get the call I’ve been expecting for the five days since my appointment: it might have to be six more weeks (12 weeks after DX). Which the breast surgeon does not think is ideal, but they’ll continue trying work out different date, if possible. 

And I’m waiting beyond what I expected to get a second opinion—I have questions that this current team has not answered to my satisfaction and am feeling increasingly uncomfortable about it, but I’m currently stymied due to of twice flubbed insurance paperwork. 

I wish I had just been told at the initial appointment that I could be waiting 12 weeks! I would have found a way to cope with that.  Now I’m trying to cope with all this frustration on top of the waiting. 

Waiting is not the hardest part. The hardest part is the loss of control and uncertainty around this seismic life event.

Ugh. I’m a mess. I posted about this before and I’m kinda annoyed with myself for needing to vent even more. It’s hard to know how big a deal this is in the grand scheme. I’m grateful that I can vent here as much as I need❤️