Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Reconstructive consultation
Author: Preferred-User-Name
Score: 5
Created UTC: 2025-01-08 22:34:10
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hwx1i9/reconstructive_consultation/

So I had my consultation with the reconstructive surgeon I was referred to.

Let me start by saying the only thing so far that has gotten in to my head since starting all this in November, has been the mammogram. (I dont know why, it really isn't that bad, but I struggle to keep from panicking during mammograms). Until now.

Y'all, I know he is a good surgeon and he seemed like a nice guy at first.  But I dont think I can deal with his bedside manner.

It started out all the staff was friendly and helpful.  I had to wait in the exam room for over half an hour to see him and I was kind of chilly.  The first thing he starts talking about is implants, the one thing I said I did not want.  I told him this.  He looks at me and tells me I have no other option other than going flat. (I am looking at a double mastectomy).  Then he proceeds to tell me that I am morbidly obese and the DIEP is not an option for me because of this.

Ok.  Fine.  I guess I can consider implants.  But he just kept repeatedly reminding me that I am morbidly obese.  Then I tell him I still have time to consider my options as I dont have a date for surgery set yet, and I see my surgeon in 2 weeks.  

I also brought up how often they had to be replaced.  He acted like he was offended and said they last 50+ years now.  Apparently I was talking about and doing research on gen 1 implants and the new ones will last as long as I live.

He basically says let us know what you decide and walked out the door.  Never said you can get dressed and leave when you are ready, check out up front, or anything.  Just walked out the door and left me sitting there wondering what the heck had just happened and if the consultation was over.

Am I reading to much into this and over reacting?  I still and questions. Do you still get mammograms with implants?   Do they make it more difficult to get a good scan if you do?

I appreciate any insight you can give me to help me figure this out.  I know it is my decision,  he just really messed up my head for some reason.