Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Spiraling! Need support!
Author: Munkachoo117
Score: 5
Created UTC: 2025-01-07 14:56:44
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hvt6zh/spiraling_need_support/

I just finished my active treatment in September 2024 (34 months +++). 

5 days after I took my last neratinib, my soul cat, Munkachoo, died from oral cancer. I watched his cancer grow for 9 months until I had to put him to sleep. I tried everything to save him. He was my comfort and I need him more than ever.

In October, my maternal aunt’s metastatic breast cancer took a turn for the worst. She converted to triple negative. I tried to get her a second opinion at MSK, but for some reason the appointment took two months to get in (per my cousin). She was going to Fox Chase, but she missed her scans in October (my cousin didn’t take her). I was trying to step up when she asked for help in November, but my cousin and uncle were in charge of her care. I didn’t have the authority to get any medical information. I got her an appointment with my oncologist in December because she was not on any treatment for like 3 months but then her family (my cousin) didn’t schedule her PET/CT scan for another two weeks (at another hospital?) and by that time it was too late. 
My aunt has been calling me and texting from the hospital begging me to help her and save her. I can’t! There’s nothing else I can do😭 I should have done more, but I let my cousin take the lead (my aunt’s daughter). This is killing me. My uncle I guess told my aunt that it’s my fault she’s dying because I told her to get a second opinion. I had a private call with my cousin in October and told her that my aunt needs treatment now and that she will not make it more than 2-3 months if she doesn’t get treatment immediately. 

My dad went for MRI last Thursday to determine if he has prostate cancer. So waiting on that scan report.

Spiraling…I hate cancer. My whole world is cancer😔 I’m so afraid that I’m going to have a recurrence from this stress. I feel so bad that my aunt is afraid to die. I’m scared for her and me💔