Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Hair hair hair (or no hair rather) 
Author: HMW347
Score: 11
Created UTC: 2024-12-13 12:11:12
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hdavay/hair_hair_hair_or_no_hair_rather/

First of all…I hate that I’m struggling so much with losing my hair! I can’t bring myself to shave it all off - but letting it run its course might be just as bad or worse. 

I keep trying different hats - I’ve decided either my ears are in a weird place or my head is just very small (I know this part is true). So far nothing is working for me. I have scarves and wigs on order and of course everything is taking forever. Of the God knows how many different hat styles I’ve tried, I don’t like any of them. 

Right now I feel like an old man in denial is a combover. I think the part I dislike the most is that I now have about 3-4 more inches of forehead. It’s just weird! I feel like even if I try to wear actual clothes (instead of sweats and pjs) that the hats just make me look like I’m rocking the homeless look. 

How is it that I’m making peace with cancer and can’t make peace with my hair? I’m really not a vain person in general - I’ve always been the messy bun or ponytail person - just keep it out of my way and off my face. 

I’m just venting - I know there really aren’t any answers until I find something that works for me - but I just feel completely uncomfortable in my own skin. Other than my husband and son, exactly 2 people have seen my head and the head tilt and look of shock (maybe not shock - just the OMG) reaffirmed what I’m feeling - I look awful!!! 

My husband nailed it last night when I told him that I feel awful…he said, “you feel awful now because you are allowing yourself to get better”. He’s absolutely right. It’s all part of the process - but I hate it. I hate that this is going to be my life for almost a year. 

I do know that I will NOT be able to rock the bald look. Period. I can’t even do it in the comfort of my own home because I can’t look at myself like that. I would not be able to tolerate the sympathy stares or the “mommy…why doesn’t that lady have any hair” looks (I say that a little tongue in cheek because I live in an area with very few kids). 

It probably doesn’t help that I live in the south so it’s not cold most of the year so hats/beanies stand out more than they might if it felt like winter. 

Ok…I guess that’s my vent for the morning. I’ll get past this - I just didn’t think it would be this hard. 