Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: One year post active treatment and I feel better and happier than I ever thought I would 
Author: Mindless_Image_2803
Score: 230
Created UTC: 2024-12-26 21:36:45
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hmyplu/one_year_post_active_treatment_and_i_feel_better/

I thought I’d share a few, positive thoughts now that I’m one year post active treatment.  I never thought I’d stop thinking about cancer all the time, or fret endlessly about recurrence, or feel like myself again. But I feel really good - I’m not the same and I realise now that I never will be and I’m truly at peace with that. 

I was diagnosed at 53 with IDC Stage 1, grade 2 BC with a 1.4cm tumor with no node involvement. I had a lumpectomy and 5 days of whole breast radiation and 5 days of boost. I finished active treatment on 20 December 2023.  

I started Tamoxifen in Jan 2024. 

Along the way I had cording - quickly and brilliantly sorted by PT and lots of stretches at home. 

Tamoxifen has been fine - I have dry eyes and some fluid retention. But eye drops, compression socks and keeping really active make all this fine. 

I had 2 weeks off work for my lumpectomy and then worked throughout rads. I travelled internationally for work in between and it was all fine. 

My scar is very neat - highly recommend Scar Away silicone tape and massage! I can hardly see my scar. 

I have full mobility in my shoulder etc - Pilates and swimming plus the exercises given immediately post op have really made a difference.  

I started walking one day post op and was back in the gym and running about 4 weeks post op. 

Physically I got over BC quickly but I really never thought the constant, awful dread about it all and fear of it coming back would ever go away.  I have had a terrible year. My Dad was diagnosed with a rare form of bladder cancer and died 3 weeks later. My beloved dog died. My very ancient cat died. My eldest child left home for Uni (which isn’t awful! It’s fabulous but it was another kind of grief) 

And yet …. In the last few months the dread has left me and I feel just fine. I’m living my life and it’s good. Not the same, but it’s good. 

I am sharing because I never thought I would feel happy again. And I know so many people join us early in their diagnosis and feel so afraid - as I did. I hope this helps a little. xxx