Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Wait for additional testing and doctors visits or just head to the ER?
Author: raye0fdarkness
Score: 8
Created UTC: 2024-12-03 05:20:44
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1h5g4qt/wait_for_additional_testing_and_doctors_visits_or/

I (34F) was officially diagnosed on Friday and had my follow-up with the surgeon who sent me for a mammo/ultrasound today. He wants me to make an appointment with an oncologist and to see a genetic counselor (hasn't provided me info). I'm scheduled for an MRI of my breasts w/wo contrast tomorrow. I also tentatively have an appointment for a skull to thigh PET scan next Tuesday (there's an enlarged lymphnode behind my thyroid and biopsy of my breast mass noted suspicion for lymphovascular invasion). In the meantime I've also been told to see my GYN about removing my mirena IUD and discussing egg freezing. I'm "on the schedule" for my case to be discussed at an interdisciplinary meeting on Thursday.

Now the question/my issue...Should I just go to the ER? Not where my current doctor is affiliated, but where one of the doctor's I'm hoping to see works out of. I discovered my mass (3.1 x 2.4
 x 2.3 cm) around September 13th. My doctor wasn't able to see me until November 11th, despite me noting the size/my age/deformation and pain associated with the mass. I had a mammo/us a week later, was biopsied a week after that, and had my follow-up today (a week after my biopsy). The pathology states IDC and DCIS, mentions necrosis and a high nuclear grade, and had a ki-67 of 90.

The fact that it's already been 3 months since I found the lump, and sounds like a lot more visits (aka waiting) before I'll even have a plan of action is scaring the hell out of me. That's not even factoring in second opinions and potential waits for appointments, or attempting to preserve my fertility.

Am I in a dire situation where I need to factor in time more carefully? This is all still so new and I feel so overwhelmed. I'm used to being very informed about my body and illnesses, but this is uncharted territory for me and I have no idea what I should be doing. I feel helpless and don't want to waste time if it's of the essence, but I also feel weird going to the ER- I'd have no idea what to expect or what I would even say.