Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: I'm just not feeling grateful
Author: krunchhunny
Score: 23
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 14:49:32
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1i17oys/im_just_not_feeling_grateful/

Diagnosed April 5th 2024 with Stage 1, Grade 2 IDC AeR/PR+, HER2-. Had mastectomy and SLNB and straight to implant recon on June 12th 2024. Post-surgery pathology came back two weeks later; upgraded to Grade 3 and with 3/3 lymph nodes with macromets. Did 8 rounds of chemo then had an axillary clearance surgery the week before Christmas.

I got my final pathology results today and it's only because I pushed for answers that I know what I know. 

The surgeon removed a total of 23 nodes. Only one had traces of cancer (I don't know if it was macromets too, kicking myself I didn't ask that one) Good news only 1 was infected, I know. 

I then asked if the cancer in that node was dead and he had to trawl through the pathology report until he could tell me no, it was active cancer. So that suggests to me the chemo didn't work at all...I mean, I often wondered because everything I've read says chemo doesn't work well on ER+ cancer, I assumed because it was Grade 3 it would work better as it targets fast dividing cells so that made sense. Did I go through chemo for nothing then?? The fact it was still only in 1further node a clear 6 months after the SLNB would suggest maybe it slowed it? But then I don't understand why I didn't get the axillary surgery much sooner and do the chemo after it or not at all. 

Beyond that, he said I MUST do the radiotherapy. I'm so worried about that as I have severe cording that I'm getting no help with and the rads further increase my risk of lymphedema. Plus it means longer off work and it sounds a super not-fun experience. 

On top of that, the Breast Nurse wrote my shopping list of drugs post-active treatment; biophosphates, Ovarian suppression, Letrozole and Amebeciclib and I'm already not wanting to take them after only the briefest Google search. 

And to top it all off, I asked what my final stage was as I've never actually been told and it was Stage 3. T2 N2 something else 2. 

The most positive takeaway was, when I did ask, as far as he can say without obviously knowing the stuff happening on a microscopic level that's beyond anyone's scope, if I'm now considered NED, he said yes I am as the disease had all been removed. 

I guess I expected to feel more relieved but honestly I'm more depressed than ever. Feels like no end in sight. 

This week also I've found out my work has stopped paying me statutory sick pay 3 months ago and what I've been getting as 'pay' is my overpaid tax. And that my ex-husband, being the lying cheating snake he is is considering defending the divorce I've raised against him for the 2nd time (first was simplified so he could just refuse) in 8 years unless I give him a 'capital sum' for my alleged debt on his credit cards. Oh, and I've ended (or tried to end) a toxic at best, abusive at worst, relationship and he won't leave me alone despite blocking him on pretty much every platform that conceivably exists.

So yeah. My cup is not overflowing. Not even with gin, bc that's off the fucking cards for the foreseeable. Somebody tell me it gets better, please.