Subreddit: UlcerativeColitis
Title: Carefirst has decided to remove 3 first line biologics (Remicade, Skyrizi, Entyvio) from their formulary in 2025
Author: tempbegin78
Score: 68
Created UTC: 2024-12-14 17:55:50
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/UlcerativeColitis/comments/1he8dfh/carefirst_has_decided_to_remove_3_first_line/

Hi all,

I just got this email from my infusion center:

As a patient receiving care in our infusion center, we are reaching out to you to let you know of some important developments regarding infusions. In the last 6 months, insurance companies have significantly reduced their reimbursement for infusible biologic therapies across the country. At our center, we cannot infuse certain biosimilars because their purchase price is HIGHER than insurance will reimburse. We have found several work arounds to ensure you continue to receive your therapy on time, however these practices are difficult to sustain over time.

Additionally, Carefirst has decided to remove 3 first line biologics (Remicade, Skyrizi, Entyvio) from their formulary in 2025. We are not sure if other insurers will follow suit. We are engaging them in these conversations, but your voice is also very important. We hope that together, we can change these policies so that patients can continue to receive infusions at community infusion centers like ours. At the bottom of this email is a template letter for your review. We ask you send it to your insurer, speak to your insurance commissioner, as well as your HR representative at your workplace and your state representatives. Capital Digestive Care is committed to your health and we appreciate you working with us on this very important issue.

[see template letter below]

---

Member ID: [Your ID Number]

Dear [Insurance Company Representative],

I am writing as a patient living with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) to express my deep concerns about two issues that directly affect my healthcare and that of many other IBD patients across the country.

First, I am troubled by your company's inadequate reimbursement policies for biosimilars at community medical practices. My gastroenterologist has informed me that the cost of purchasing the medications are often times higher than reimburse rates making it unsustainable to continue to keep me well. If they cannot continue to give me my medication, I would have to:

Receive my treatments at a hospital, significantly increasing my out-of-pocket costs


Travel much further for my regular infusions


Take additional time off work for longer appointment times


Lose the continuity of care I currently receive from my trusted healthcare team


Second, I am deeply concerned that approved advanced therapies for IBD will no longer be on formulary in 2025 (many of these therapies are recommended as first options!). I am afraid that if my gastroenterologist cannot prescribe an approved and recommended therapy it will compromise my health. I can attest that finding the right treatment is a highly personal journey. Your current policies:

Limit my doctor's ability to prescribe the most appropriate medication for my specific condition


Do not account for individual factors such as my disease severity, location, and personal circumstances
Create unnecessary delays in receiving proper treatment
The impact of these policies on my life is significant. I worry about:

My disease progression while waiting for appropriate treatment


The financial burden of having to receive treatment in more expensive settings


The stress of navigating complex approval processes while managing a chronic illness


The possibility of having to switch from a treatment that works well for me due to coverage restrictions


I respectfully demand that you:

Review your reimbursement policies to ensure continued access to community-based care
Expand coverage to include all FDA-approved biologic treatments for IBD


Consider the real-world impact these policies have on patients' lives


As a long-term member of your health plan, I ask that you prioritize patient care in your coverage decisions. Please respond within 30 days with your plan to address these concerns.

Sincerely,

[Your Name]