Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: What about that shadowy place*? (*All of Reddit except r/breastcancer)
Author: ooooh-shiny
Score: 131
Created UTC: 2024-12-22 08:28:44
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hjui35/what_about_that_shadowy_place_all_of_reddit/

That's beyond our borders. You must never go there, Simba! 

Just had a post removed from r/cancer after a strangely hostile conversation with another user who objected to my asking a question about scans (soliciting vague reassurance that there might be a benign reason for a doctor to order a follow-up on what I was told was a clear chest X-ray) that he refused to believe wasn't secretly a forbidden request to be armchair-diagnosed with stage 4. I hadn't even given any of my medical information except that I'd had an X-ray for a possible chest infection, and that I had radiotherapy appointments coming up that conflicted with the date of my repeat scan. I didn't give enough information for anybody to use speculatively, which he took issue with even though you wouldn't need it unless you WERE trying to figure out somebody's shit. 

After a different, not-hostile user told me that yes, there might be other reasons for a doctor to order a second X-ray (all I'd been able to find through Googling were explanations involving COVID, pneumonia, and possible malignancy), the hostile user objected to my thanking the not-hostile user for their response because I had apparently given him "nothing but attitude" after he told me "the exact same thing" (he didn't, he told me in some unnecessarily rude ways that I was in violation of thread rules for asking for a diagnosis, that nobody could tell me what I wanted to know because they didn't know my medical history, and to go to the ER if I was worried; I told him that I wasn't asking for the actual answer, just a general sense of healthcare provider behaviour that might allay an unnecessary metastasis freakout, and that it wouldn't be appropriate to go to the ER without a medical emergency). 

I thought it might be more efficient to pool a larger knowledge-base, but I know that if I had asked the question here, I would've gotten kindness and support. So, thank you for all the kindness and support I've received here, even when asking ridiculous anxiety-fuelled questions at 4 in the morning, that nobody can or should answer definitively. I think people understand here, too, that posters aren't looking for definitive answers - we're looking for acknowledgement, solidarity, and at most a bit of anecdotal evidence. 

PS. I know the best person to ask anything and everything medical is my doctor, but I don't get to talk to my doctor unless I have an appointment scheduled, and my next one is the 7th of January!

PPS. To be fair, r/crochet is pretty wholesome.