Subreddit: breastcancer
Title: Exercise really does help
Author: ornamental_conifer
Score: 194
Created UTC: 2025-01-01 20:27:54
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1hrbogv/exercise_really_does_help/

Hi everyone, stage 2B +--, grade 3, one lymph node involved. I completed active treatment (DMX, TC chemo, Radiation) back in November 2024 and have since moved on to survivorship. My new maintenance meds all started on one single Friday back in December which made for one hell of an awful weekend. Zometa, Zoladex, and Verzenio all at the exact same time. Oof. That was all on top of the Tamoxifen I'm already taking.

The new maintenance meds have come with some not great side effects, but one thing that has helped leagues with handling them all is exercise. I was doing HIIT workouts prior to my diagnosis (Orangetheory in my case) and about halfway through chemo I ended up freezing my gym membership and switching to walking and light weight work at home. 

Back in November after active treatment was over I made the decision to unfreeze my membership and get back at it. It admittedly took a few starts and stops before I could get back into the rhythm of it but I am so insanely glad I did. Yes I have the typical complaints associated with these meds like stiff arthritic-feeling joints, fatigue, loss of appetite, and some gastrointestinal issues. But the exercise is really helping to mitigate it all. My joints went from feeling like a 90-year old woman's to that of my normal age. The fatigue is lessening. My lost appetite re-appears. My blood work is good and stable. Even my stomach has settled, although I can also partially attribute to the miracle drug that is multi-symptom Immodium. My first few weeks back at the gym were admittedly a little embarrassing for me because I could barely power walk on the treadmill and I couldn't lift anything heavier than the lightest dumbbells on the rack. But now? Now I'm back to running and slowly ramping up to heavier weights again. And so many of the side effects are being mitigated by it.

So if you need some motivation when you are feeling like crap to get up and move your body, whether you go to a gym or work out at home, just look no further. I was really worried my joints would be way too stiff from the Zometa and Verzenio to feel any benefits from exercise but I am being decidedly proven wrong on that front. The more consistently I exercise, the better I feel. And yes I have fatigue and motivational issues just like everyone else, but it makes so much of a difference that I'm here to evangelize the power of a good workout. To all my breasties out there, make sure you are moving your bodies in whatever way you are able to and are most comfortable with. Because the benefits are very, very, VERY much worth it.