Subreddit: depression
Title: I'm scared-TW medical issue
Author: Maleficent-Berry6626
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-15 01:34:33
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1mbfu/im_scaredtw_medical_issue/

I have a appointment on Thursday for a hematologist. Because my body is producing too much white blood cells. Here is some context:

4 or 5 years ago here in Texas got hit with a BAD freeze and on my way back home I was hit by a new driver who was driving a SUV with her sister. The younger sister was driving. I was stopped at a red light and maybe she was going 10-15 mph. Not enough force to activate airbags but enough to shock me back. I did was I was supposed to do, called the cops and get her insurance info, the phone operator said that unfortunately since nothing seemed broken or dislocated it would be a long time for cops or EMT to get there. And that it's better to just go home.

Since that incident I had some blood when I wiped. Not on my stool but when I wiped. I started having pain in my butt like a hemorrhoid. When I could I went to see a doctor, they checked and couldn't feel a hemorrhoid. Asked me some questions and basically thought it was from me eating dairy (I'm lactose intolerant and I LOVE CHEESE). it got bad. Like the point where I stopped using toilet paper and used toilet wipes instead. No more blood on the wipes but I was still in pain. I've lived with it for 4 years, sometimes it's hard to sit for a long time and it stings in any position other than standing up. 

Now the summer the next year I was buying a vending machine. It was 100° out and I had no help other from the owner, he had it upstairs in a office in a open walkway with no protection from the sun. Long story short it was a BITCH to move and we had to fit it inside this small elevator that the vending machine BARELY fit. I mean the gap between the walls and the machine was 5 inches on either side. I had to run down the open stairwell and use ALL my strength to pull it out. I think I pulled something because I didn't breathe when I used all my strength to pull it out. When it finally came out I took a deep breath and everything got very dizzy. I could barely see past 5 feet. I felt like I was dying or passing out. I didn't. I say down, took deep breaths and was taking off my shirt, because I couldn't feel my skin. I couldn't feel the wind or heat. I couldn't even hear my heartbeat. I say there for a long time. Thinking I had a heatstroke. Since then I always carried water when I left home.

Now, this two incidents seem isolated. But here is the issue: I don't remember when I started having this issue after the accident in the winter or after my supposed heatstroke in the summer. What I do know is whenever I started driving, anytime I looked below my eyeline I would get TREMENDOUSLY DIZZY. I felt like I was going to throw up and pass out. It would also trigger a panic attack. It was freaky whenever it happened. Then it started happening a lot after a year. It was no longer happening when I was driving. I was scared so I went to ERs 8 times within 4 years. Each time they just gave me dizzy meds and fluids. Some gave me CT scans and checked my heartbeat. The CT scans found NOTHING. They said there's nothing they found in my brain that could signify why I'm feeling this way when I drive or even when I'm just comfortably sitting at my couch. 

I mean it would happen a lot, nothing I was doing would be a trigger for anxiety. One minute I'm watching a comedy with Adam Sandler and next I feel like my heart is beating too fast and I'm about to throw up and pass out. My senses is telling me "YOU FEEL LIKE YOURE GOING TO DIE!! DO SOMETHING!" And getting up gives me a rush, looking down feels like miles down. I was scared. When in the bathroom during a "movement" I felt like gripping things to stay upright praying I don't pass out 

I've been going to my PCP and she sent me to a neurologist. The neurologist says my "heatstroke" was pressure build up. Gives me meds assuming it's my stress. The pills are for stress and his words "prevent a attack. It won't stop it if it happens but prevent any after taking it". My PCP says I have to go to a vegan diet and the headaches, nausea and all my issues will go away. Personally I can't imagine being vegan. But there's a point I'm reaching where I'll try anything. 

Now my new PCP says that based on my blood work, my white blood cells have been REALLY high for a long time. She won't tell me HOW long. But sends a referral to a hematologist. And now I'm scared because apparently a symptom of elevated white blood cells could mean cancer. 

For 4 years my headaches, dizziness, nausea and feeling like I'm going to throw up and pass out has been getting progressively WORSE. I can no longer drive and even taking the bus makes me feel this way. And the entire time I feel like doctors aren't listening to me. I don't think it's anxiety. I think this medical issue triggers it but isn't the cause. I'm afraid of what if it MIGHT be something caused by either accidents and my body is fighting something and losing? What if maybe I have C and it's the reason for the pressure thing during the summer and it's too late? Maybe it's what's causing my butt pain? 

I see the hematologist on Thursday morning and I'm scared beyond belief because what if my fears are right? What if it's too late? What if I WASTED any time that I could have to be properly medicated. I'm trying not to freak out until I see the doctor but how can I not freak out when the hematologist is in a cancer research center and put me in a group called "benign". I asked and the lady on the phone says it's just what we put new patients in until the doctors figure out what's going on. 

I feel like a wounded animal that can't see it's wound because it's head can't turn that way to see it. I feel like going nuts but I can't because I was trained not to. I'm so used to bullshit. I've been homeless, I've been abused, I'm used to having my life be kicked around and told to deal with it. I wouldn't be surprised if it was bad news but I'm praying it isn't. If it is, who knows, but if it is bad news I don't think I could ever be the same. I feel like my life ends on Thursday and this new me is waiting. I know it's crazy. 