Subreddit: FriendshipAdvice
Title: I messed up really bad
Author: LocalLow4911
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 19:49:15
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/FriendshipAdvice/comments/1i0mrv6/i_messed_up_really_bad/

So I (m) had a (f) friend that Id gotten really close to in the last few years. She’s honestly one of the most kind, caring and genuine people I’ve ever met. We shared everything together and when ever we could would hang out in person and share in wutever activities we could. This is the first genuine female friend I’ve had in a long time, and as such came with some very complex emotions that I’ve recently found out, I haven’t been handling very well. Within the first year of us hanging out I had began to develop feelings for her and let her know that I was feeling a certain way about her. She kindly told me that that is was really no big deal but she just couldn’t feel that way about me. No biggy I thought, and I told myself, and her, that I could work though this and we could continue our friendship. This is where I believe my problems began. I really wanted to think I could handle just being friends with her, I so badly wanted it to be true and I was willing to delude myself and her into thinking that it would be alright. Well as a couple more years went by I was allowing myself to catch those feelings again, and as time went on I was trying to figure out a way to let her know without maybe damaging her trust in me or potentially ruining our friendship. Well before I could tell her, she had met a fella that she actually wanted to pursue a romantic relationship with and she let me know about him. This was a kick in the gut to me, and I finally confessed to how I was actually feeling about her. I told her that I will prolly need some space to deal with these feelings and that I was really sorry that I am acting the way Ive been acting and that I really do cherish our friendship but that my feelings of unrequited love were tearing me up and I needed some time to process it. Within a day or so we were texting and she said she wanted to drop some things off. She came by and we talked for a few hours, but I couldn’t find it in myself to tell her that I really do need some physical space to work through this. As this friendship has gone on I’ve became very close with all of her family and developed a huge respect for her dad. I had gone out to her dads place to talk with him about how I hope I’m still welcome to talk with him and how I really appreciated how welcoming his family has been to me, but that he might not see too much of me in the coming months, as I have these emotional issues I need to work through. We talked a little more about business, our lives, and all the projects we have to get started on. Well her dad had let her mom know that I came out to talk to him (she lives with her parents)and her mom had told her about it before I had the chance to see her in person to tell her how I actually DO need some real space to work on myself. And folks this is where shit hit the fan, I now know that I should have never gone to talk to her dad and I should have never betrayed her trust in knowing that I would be honesty and prompt with her in how I’m handling my emotions. She’s rightly upset with how I have handled myself, with how I’ve essentially been lying to her about how I could handle being just friends with her, and she thinks I’m trying to sabotage her new relationship by turning her parents against her and the new guy, which couldn’t be further from the truth, all I wanted to do was genuinely thank her dad for everything he’s done for me, and that I hope we could continue to hang out. So there it is, I’ve ruined an incredibly strong friendship that was honestly one of the most emotionally fulfilling friendships I’ve ever experienced. All because I can’t regulate my emotions and deal with not being the center of her life. I’m incredibly upset with myself right now, I don’t know what possessed me to think that I had to go talk to her dad. I’ve scheduled to talk to a therapist here soon, and I’m going to cut contact with her for the time being, if she hasn’t blocked my number already. I’m nauseous, scared, and I’m really worried that I have this little of control over myself. If anybody reads this and has any kind of advice that could help me I’d be all ears. Im just really scared of this person inside of me that I don’t even recognize. 