Subreddit: depression
Title: My mental illness is getting the best of me
Author: LocalLow4911
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 20:28:23
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0nq6d/my_mental_illness_is_getting_the_best_of_me/

Hey y’all, long story short I think I struggle with insanely possessive thoughts and wound up ruining one of the best friendships I could have ever asked for. 
Had a crush on my friend, she found someone besides me that she’d like to romantically enrage with, I lied to her and told her that it wouldn’t affect our friendship but asked to have some space, for some stupid f***ing reason I felt compelled to talk with her dad to let him know that I was needing space to figure myself out and that I really appreciated everything he’s done for me. And that once i work through these feelings I would hope that we all could continue on with our friendships. Word got back to her and I’m pretty sure after having talked to her about it, she (rightly so) genuinely doesn’t ever want to see me again. 
I can’t believe I’ve let my mental health get so bad that I would actively sabotage our friendship like this, I didn’t once step back to consider the fall out this could cause and not once did I ever question how this was going to affect her new relationship. It’s like there was another person piloting me to do all this, It was never my intention to step between her and her new “friend” and after I’d seen how her family reacted I can tell that she was rightly worried about their perception of her. 
This friend honestly has talked me out of some pretty bad spots in my life. I’ve always struggled with loneliness and depression and she was there to help me navigate these feelings and taught me healthy ways cope. I’m sitting here in a shame spiral not knowing which way to go. I’m seeing how terrible of a person I actually am, I’m dishonest, I talk behind peoples backs, I inherently stir up drama wherever I go, and I think I’m one of the most judgmental people on the planet. I think I’ve been naturally depressed most of my adult life, and she genuinely wanted to help me. And what do I give her in return? Dishonesty, contempt, drama, and ruining her families perceptions of her. I’m absolutely going to stay out of her and her families lives from here on, but I really don’t know how long I can keep this up. The guilt is hitting me hard, and I just don’t think I have the support network to help me cope. Im trying my best to not entertain suicidal thoughts but I’m in so much pain right now that it really does sound like the most comforting option.