Subreddit: weddingplanning
Title: Non traditional wedding reception
Author: Fancy_One7300
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-04 17:23:02
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/weddingplanning/comments/1htjapp/non_traditional_wedding_reception/

Ok so I kind of just need opinions of my wedding reception ideas. We are going to have around 75 guests so it’s going to be a fairly small reception. We are not doing a ceremony with everyone we are getting married at the courthouse. I think we want to plan the reception for the day after so we have a day to get everything ready and set up.

So for our venue we are planning on the largest  of the event cabins in our town. It has seating up to 96 people in the form of 6ft long tables. Obviously this isn’t very fancy we really don’t want it to be. We want it to have more of a personal and comfortable feel for every guest. My family isn’t really the extravagant type so this is perfect for us.

We are toying with the idea of a 1950’s cocktail party kind of theme. Asking guests to dress appropriately if possible as well as making sure we are dressed within the theme. I planned to wear a more formal vintage cocktail dress anyways as I like the style.

Since we kind of want the cocktail party theme and because I just think this is super cool, we want to thrift our plates and glassware. I feel like this along with the simple table decor would look amazing. Not over the top but also not giving off graduation party vibes with paper plates. 

Due to space we plan on doing a buffet and self service bar. I feel like we could make the bar table look nice with nice trays and a laminated recipe sheet for simple or even signature drinks for the night. We are going to have a small set of everything basic you need to make drinks as far as like the shaker and strainer and stuff. I’m not a big drinker but we plan to have a lot of alcohol since my family drinks a lot. I don’t know if that’s a great idea for like the shaker and stuff but I thought it would be cool. We also are going to make sure we have rimming salt and common syrups, bitters, and juices. Again I don’t really make drinks so we will also have a few variety packs of premade canned or bottled drinks and then water and punch for the kids.

We plan to do a buffet and just use crock pots to keep food warm since my family has tons they are willing to let us borrow for the night. We are serving prime rib and roasted potatoes so obviously we will not be cooking the food in the pots but they are nice for keeping it warm. I also plan on hiring someone to wash dishes for a few hours and making sure they are fed as well otherwise the thrifted dishes and a buffet would be insanely hard to do.

We, again, don’t have a ton of space so we planned on having some space saving activities. We wanted to do a temporary tattoo station for the kids, a selfie station with a tripod setup to hold phones for pictures and props, and then having speaks set up and a set playlist for the night that guests can add music to via QR code.

I’m not really wanting to go over budget in this post. I just want opinions on the vision I have right now and what anyone would do differently or add. Again we don’t have a ton of space so catering staff isn’t an option the only staff we would have is a dishwasher up to three people to kind of switch out so they can all eat and tidy up the buffet table if necessary. I know technically one or two people be fine for just washing dishes but I don’t want to make anyone hate their job or stress anyone out so I feel three people with very little responsibility would be acceptable. They would not be in charge of cleaning up or serving anything. They would just be there to wash the dishes, get some good food, and keep an eye on the buffet as far as things like making sure nothing out of place gets set down and left there for too long like someone’s empty used cup or a kid who left a napkin in the middle of the food table on accident. They would not refill anything and everyone would be asked to bring their plates to the sink and put into whatever system we decide to use for dishes.