Subreddit: depression
Title: How to help a friend 
Author: mars_was_here
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-15 01:48:56
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1mlgy/how_to_help_a_friend/

My friend, who has been depressed their whole life really, has agreed to come stay with me and my parents for about 3 months. I've known them very closely online for about 3 years, and had met them irl before they moved in. I offered them to stay with us because I thought that being in a different environment would help with the depression, and that they might be more open with me. I really care about them and I wanted this to be an opportunity for them to be part of our family for a moment, at least. 

It has not been going well. It was alright at the beginning but they seem to have become withdrawn, bored, frustrated even. They often won't eat if I don't say, hey, I'm eating, come eat with me. And they don't have any want to do anything. I've been quite busy in the last week finishing up my grad school applications, and during that time they haven't really seemed to do anything with their time. I mean, I know they're on their computer but when I ask, hey what did you do today? They answer with, nothing. And don't elaborate if questioned further. I know it's frustrating for them but I wish we could be more open with each other. I'm really worried about what they'll be going through once classes start, because I don't want them to have come here and to somehow feel even more isolated. 

Another thing is they don't always express issues until after they happen, or don't ask about things they're unclear about or have misunderstandings over. I've asked them to express these things to me more but they don't really see it as an issue. 

I've been trying to talk to them about how they're feeling and I understand they have alexithymia and that it gets in the way. We are also both autistic. This whole thing has been really stressful for me and today I basically sat down and cried in front of them for an hour. I know it's hard for them to find answers for these things, But I feel like there must be some way for us to come towards better communication. 

Is there anything that anyone has found helpful in their relationships? Anything that people have found as a way to better express themselves? I really want to suggest some system to them but I can't know what will work for them, or how they feel about the situation, because they aren't able to speak about it. 

I care very deeply for my friend and I don't want their stay here to end in resentment. I'm trying really hard to manage my own anger and frustration so I can help them, and so they can be comfortable while they're living here. I really just don't know what to do. 


TL;DR: friend with alexithymia living with me, and I am trying to communicate with them better. Any advice welcome. 