Subreddit: depression
Title: I am isolated and have no one
Author: Ok-Tradition-6263
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 14:57:55
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i17vg3/i_am_isolated_and_have_no_one/

Guys Let me tell you about my story:

I am currently 19 years old and I recently finished high school and I am gonna go to college soon for further studies but I am so alone, isolated, depressed and I have no one. I don’t know why this has happened to me. This was not always the case. When I used to be around the ages of 14-16 everything came so natural to me. I used to have a lot of friends and I even had a few relationships here and there. But after like 10th grade, it seemed like the whole world flipped the script on me. Here is where it all started to go downhill for me, I had to change school to finish the last two years of my high school and the environment was new. And suddenly here I started to get alienated and isolated. I started to be ignored and  rejected even when I was being honest and trying to put myself out there and this destroyed me. I felt like I suddenly became worthless and invisible in everyone’s eyes. What made me die inside even more was that it was all good like a year ago? I used to have a lot of friends and get girls left and right but now I don’t even get approached by girls. I also started getting rejected and friend zoned a lot even though I was trying and I was showing that I was willing to learn and show my true self. I used to even get “teased” by girls I guess? Some would say shit like “eww” at my face and people say it’s a way of flirting but I begged to differ. And After all these experiences the darkness started to seep into my personal life and now I am alone I have no friends, high social anxiety and no willingness to talk to girls or start a relationship for a change because I am so struck by the rejections and all that I just stopped trying. I don’t know what to do I am at such a loss and I have no hope for myself.