Subreddit: depression
Title: I don't know what to do
Author: Left_Specialist6730
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 10:13:12
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0avuo/i_dont_know_what_to_do/

Just a heads up, I really don't know what I'm doing when it comes to opening up, nor do I really know how to use reddit. I really only ever used my main account for 3d modeling and Pokemon things when I was still interested in that, but I never really posted. Sorry if this all comes off really rant-y, I really just need to get this off my chest and get some advice.

So, for background, I (19m) have had some severe depression for about 3-4 years, including issues with SH and several attempts. Despite this, I've never been really confronted about it in any way, especially after the first time I got caught cutting and was forced by my parents to go to therapy, in which I was actively abused by the "Christian therapist" they made me go to. I am currently enrolled in college but am able to stay at home due to my close proximity to the campus.

With my current situation, I made friends with a couple of people online and often played games with them, including some 18+ games that we would laugh and joke about while doing the cheesy connect three stuff or puzzles or whatnot. With this, we used my account, which later ended up with my in-person friends finding out. After they found out, they've been relentlessly bringing it up, spreading rumors about it, including calling me a fag or a furry, as well as other less than stellar things despite me not being either (not that I have any particular issues with people who are). I've been slowly distancing myself from them, but they don't seem to understand why I wouldn't enjoy being called these sorts of things, especially when I used to have an incredible reputation. I've lost contact with the online friends after I got into a heated argument with them (one of them is bipolar and wasn't doing great when I got frustrated because of this situation), so I can't just ask them to back me up anymore to help potential clear things up.

Now, normally, I would just try to ignore it, but it's starting to become a problem as they love to share these rumors and half-truths with anybody willing to listen, leaving people looking at me weird and generally staying away from me. This, needless to say, has ruined the little bit of my mental health I've been recovering since dealing with my abusive therapist. Despite being clean with the SH for a few months, I've been having to try really hard to not relapse and the ideas of just ending it have come back quite badly. 

Sorry again for the long post and wasting time, but I would appreciate any advice or input anybody is willing to share, thanks....