Subreddit: depression
Title: Not sure what to do anymore.
Author: DownAndOutNYer
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 15:01:46
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0fvet/not_sure_what_to_do_anymore/

I’m a first generation immigrant whose family moved to the U.S. when I was about 3 or so. We moved states almost every year until I was 8 when we finally settled in Oklahoma. I had 3 years at one school before they sent me to another district to finish middle/high school.

During this time I didn’t make too many friends. Crippling insecurity in how I looked made me marvel that anyone could ever want me. Parents were hyper-religious and started a nonprofit Christian group focused on household worship sessions and Bible studies. I was drafted into the youth arm of this group. My only friends were the kids from those other families.

Aunties and uncles didn’t like me hanging out with their kids too much. I didn’t take the praying or religion aspect of things very seriously and couldn’t help but chuckle when someone “spoke in tongues”, or when the music ministry drum machine messed up during worship. Like a lot of cults, this one ended when there was a schism of sorts: couldn’t agree on scheduling events so half of folks just stopped coming—unfortunately most of my friends were in that half.

Only bright spot during this time were summer trips with my cousins to my uncle’s house in the suburbs of Chicago. He was relatively wealthy and for rural kids like us it felt like we were living in the houses we saw on the Disney channel. Woods in the backyard to explore, snapping turtles to catch, girls next door to court, and video games in the basement. Trips to the lake/city/dunes/dells on the weekends. He and his wife had no kids of their own (aunt was much older than he was) so they were happy to take us in.

Back at home, didn’t do too great in high school. Parents had high expectations since I was identified as “gifted” in elementary school. Parents sent me back to my home country to make college more affordable as my dad had lost his job as I was graduating. Saw a lot of bad things there. A lot of political and religious unrest, true poverty, and hunger. One night after getting mugged my parents finally decided to bring me home on the condition that I get a job and have a plan.

Worked two jobs then, both at the mall. Opened up at the Gap then at 12 ran over to work at Teavana until the mall closed at 9pm. Paid for gas and paid my folks a bit of rent for my childhood bedroom. Dad found a job a month later in another state so parents sold the house and left me and my sister in a condo where I paid rent and she finished out high school.

Started community college and floundered until I met my now fiancé. Got my shit together and went to the local university finally getting my degree. Would go home on the weekends to check on condo and sister who had graduated and was working retail instead of going to community college like my parents wanted.

After graduating, got offered a job in the big city. Dropped everything and took it. Lived out of my suitcase for the first 2 years. Used to live in the mudroom of a house (illegal airbnb). In the winter everything froze over. Bought an electric space heater and would jam frozen bread through the slats to toast it since we didn’t have access to the kitchen.

Career progressed steadily. During this time uncle got accused of crime he didn’t commit. Trial proceeded through Covid. My aunt died from the stress, and the court took the house. He was convicted and died in prison during first wave of Covid. Apparently he was sick for a week and guards did not give him medical assistance until he lost consciousness and had to be out on ventilator. We buried him next to his wife. I remember sobbing leaving the house. It had been the one good thing in my life outside of my fiancé. This was 4 years ago.

I came back and dedicated myself to work. Could not exercise, could not get it up, could not sleep. Ballooned in weight. Used gym as a nepenthe to get back into shape, but still miserable. Fiancé is the only thing keeping me from ending it all.

Job is at a good company. Culture is terrible. Manager is a megalomaniac and is little more than a mouthpiece for those above her. Work is unrewarding, and clients are demanding. Salary is fine, but not enough to keep me there. Have to pay for wedding this year.

I wake up and take my blood pressure. Doctor sent me home with a cuff to test in the morning. Fridays and weekends are normal. Weekdays it’s elevated. 120 something over 81 this morning (Monday). I’m up for promo, but I don’t feel anything. I just want it to end.

I don’t want to let my fiancé down. Can’t go to my parents. Just chastised and told I should be grateful for being smart enough to get a good job. Can’t go to my friends, I have none who would care enough to lend me an ear. I go to my fiancé often but there’s not much she can do. I feel trapped, and worthless. What is it all for?

Haven’t showered in a few days. Go to gym to cope with these feelings. Still can’t get it up. Eating healthier and sleeping more. Blood pressure is still high. Weight is in a good place. It’s 10am and I can’t bring myself to log on. I can’t bear it. I will in 30 minutes. Have two meetings, one where a client yells at me. The rest of the time is begging for answers from a responsibility-shuffling bureaucracy. Then the gym at 6:00. Dinner tonight is sautéed vegetables and wild caught salmon. Will read manga before going to bed before waking up again with elevated blood pressure thinking about API documentation.