Subreddit: depression
Title: Brother is suicidal, please help me 
Author: mxhfj
Score: 10
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 02:46:37
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i044un/brother_is_suicidal_please_help_me/

I'm at a loss for what to do to help my 18 y o younger brother who has been struggling with depression for as long as I can remember. Things really got bad in during his first year of high school but we were able to convince him to talk to his school counselor and he was hospitalized after expressing suicidal thoughts to them the next year. The experience at the mental hospital was traumatizing for both him and us, and he's told us about the nightmares he still gets from all the sounds / the whole experience in general. After he left the hospital, he started going to therapy and got put on medication which seemed to help greatly over time. 

Now he's finished his first semester in college, and although its been ups and downs since his high school, we thought he was generally doing quite well (made a lot of friends, was engaged in school, even got a girlfriend). However, he's suddenly gone 180 at the tail end of winter break and has locked himself in his room, not eaten much, and expressed thoughts of suicide. He told me that he sees no point in living anymore and he feels this is really the end, that he has it all planned out date and everything. He feels like everything since that initial hospitalization has been a charades and he feels like it would have made no difference had he committed then or now, and that he wants to do it. 

I just don't know what to say to him. It feels bleak and almost mocking to feed him platitudes like "I care" or "you're not alone". I also don't know how to bring up the idea of getting help when we've already tried it all and his first experience was kind of harrowing - I think he still resents us for the whole experience (he said he did it trusting us) and I don't think he'd forgive me if he found out I was trying to get him help again. But I have to...right? I have no idea what to do - if the situation gets dire do I call emergency services? What is the right course of action to take? Someone please help me do the right thing, everything ahead looks so dark.   

Edit: My mom and I snooped in his room (I’m sorry I know it’s wrong) while he went to the bathroom and we found an Amazon box that had a hazmat warning on it. He had bought it a while back when his mood seemed okayish still and so we didn’t think much of it but now I’m deeply worried that he’s purchased something like sodium nitrate (based on research). We don’t have access to his account so we can’t check. He’s locked his doors and I’m staying up to hear him sneeze every once in a while or hear him typing on his keyboard so I know he’s okay. I know in the morning we need to take serious action but im terrified and my heart is beating out of my chest. I’m texting him checking up on him and telling him I love him but they haven’t been read. This is so heartbreaking 