Subreddit: Anxiety
Title: Do I have anxiety and if I fix that the situation will be ok or is the situation making me anxious 
Author: bellamortez
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-06 09:25:41
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/comments/1huv80b/do_i_have_anxiety_and_if_i_fix_that_the_situation/

I have CPTSD due to traumatic early life. Am I making the wrong decision to leave this? 

I’m so scared to leave my fiancé. We have a 3 year old. Been together for 8 years and engaged for 5. I had many doubts from the very beginning but ignored them because I was young and naive. I used to cry in the bathroom because I felt lonely with him.

I do worry that the way I feel is related to my CPTSD and me overthinking. What if this is just a case of the grass is greener. 

I fantisise about being with someone that actually loves me daily. He isn’t my type at all and I don’t have romantic feelings towards him anymore, I am extremely sentimental and loving and I feel very sad that I cannot do loving things towards him like make home made gifts and home made cards like I did for him at the very start of dating. I would go to extreme efforts and he would not reciprocate, or would just laugh at me. Eg I cried when he wouldn’t get me a birthday gift or card and he just laughed at me .

He never wants to do anything or go anywhere: I feel happier going out doing things by myself even though it makes me feel a bit stupid such as I have been to the theatre alone four times in the last few months. I usually get front row tickets and one time I was the only person on the front row, alone, so I felt so stupid.

Here are some things he has done that have severely upset me.

We are both doctors, o started my job as a doctor in 2019. He literally forced me to move across the country to start my job and live in his parents house on the top floor. I cried so much, I was moving away from my parents, from Eveyrhing I knew, but I stupidly went along with it. I cried saying please don’t make me live with your parents, it’s awkward I don’t even know them. He had so much money I begged him to get us a little apartment

Then for the first pregnancy ultrasound, he told me to change the date. So I did, which was difficult. I changed it to the date he wanted. The date came around, on the morning of the ultrasound, he said oh yeah I actually can’t make this date either, you can go with my mum. Do you know how humiliating and embarrassing and lonely it was to go to that ultrasound with his mother who is not even my mother in law? It’s supposed to be your partner. 

He told me he was looking for virgin. He had never kissed or dated anyone when he met me (he was 30). I found out through his laptop that he had left his job as a doctor temporarily to join a university as a student and paid for university accommodation with the sole purpose of looking for a young untouched girl. 

He refuses to cut his toenails even though I have begged him. Even his parents saw his nails and begged him to cut them but he just wouldn’t. They’re like werewolf nails. 

He has called me a psycho, slut; slag etc because I had boyfriends before him.

I could go on and on there is so much.

I just feel so anxious about starting my life again at 30, I feel like a failure. I’m scared I won’t meet anyone. I’m scared of paying bills alone. I’m scared of coparenting

I just want to live in a cottage in peace with a cat and coparent and enjoy doing things and hopefully meet someone. 