Subreddit: depression
Title: Losing hope
Author: william_stoner4488
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-12 08:49:41
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hzimg1/losing_hope/

For some back story, I’m 21, I have no job, no higher education. I’m the past three years I’ve had to seasonal jobs, one of which I quite three days in because my anxiety was so bad I couldn’t function. I was in school to become a therapist a semester after I graduated high school. My mental health quickly declined as I saw no hope in my life getting better and I was hospitalized. Last year I had planned on going back to school, but before I started I became severely depressed and suicidal. 

As I said, I’m 21 now. I stay home and clean, cook dinner for my family, entertain myself with various hobbies. All of my friends are about to graduate college and I’m happy for them, I am. But my shame grows more and more every single day. I live in a small town and there’s not much to do here so I spend most of my time here at home. I see no way out. 

I feel like I’m too stupid to ever be good at any job. In my retail job I struggled to work as a cashier because of anxiety and struggling with very basic cash handling. I was once given a $100 bill for a $90 cologne. I mistakenly put $200 as the amount the customer gave me and I realized I’d messed up, but I was so anxious and didn’t know how to fix the mistake. I gave the customer a hundred in change… to this day I have no idea what I was thinking and someone I worked with helped me to redo the transaction, but I think of it often and feel shame at how stupid it was and how lucky I was that the customer did not keep the money. 

I feel I’m too dumb to ever excel at anything. I feel like trash most of the time and a complete waste of space. The few friends that I have are far too good to be friends with me and I’m afraid I’m holding them back. I feel like I deserve to die and I should end my life because I’m a completely worthless human. Even in writing this I realize how pathetic I sound and how big of a loser I am. I feel that if my life hasn’t gotten better by now it never will.  I’m embarrassed of how little I try and my sheer lack of intelligence. I’m losing hope again. I often feel that I am here by mistake. Humans are so amazing and when I look at myself all I see is some odd creature that will never be enough.