Subreddit: depression
Title: I am not okay.
Author: FairyLyfe
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 10:12:16
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0avey/i_am_not_okay/

Its nearly 4am, my dog is currently cuddling my bf apart from me (sleeping in the same room but apart bc i couldn't sleep but my bf didnt want me to feel alone.) I meet with my counselor this upcoming weekend and do plan to dicuss these of course but I need to type out my emotions. Here's my life in a nutshell. I do not think any of my irl friends or family would find my reddit but i am going to keep some details more vague just in case.
I am in my late 30's, approaching 40 in a few years, birthday is approaching. I have *always* struggled with depression. I self isolated a lot as a kid, and i always knew i was choosing that bc it was "safer" as my family (and ive resolved most of this with them so they're not to blame much anymore) often didnt see the depth of my issues or told me i was too sensitive. I've given up after 7 years of appointments trying to get evaluated for ADHD and autism (a lot of my younger female and male cousins all have an official dx) and so my "no family history" changed but ive been unlucky finding a doctor who wont look past my past dx of bipolar (despite me demonstrating that any mania was fhe result of 2 "minor" concussions). I got divorced 7 years ago, and my life spiraled for a long time. My family stepped up big and without them i would have ended up succeeding in my 1 attempt to unalive or ended up homeless and/or in/out of mental health facilities. 
2022-2024 my family helped me "take a break" and work pt but helped with bills to allow me to live alone (but nearby) late 2023 i realized i wad almost working ft without the benefits and i decided i was ready for work. I found a job right around Xmas. The job has its perks, was paying my bills, but i was noy adequately trained and i got PIP'd and while i passed, last month i made a fairly significant accidental mistake and i lost my job. Ive been unemployed for almost a month, ive had 4 interviews but so far its going slowly.
My family offered help and I told them lets give it a few months before we go there bc i don't want them to feel i am leaching over their momey (i am their kid yes but also wanting to be the adult and handle it.)
My partner is a great guy, i plan to open up with him later today a bit more and i hope it wont end our relationship but i need him to support me emotionally not put money in my wallet thinking financial help will get me through this all. I know part of it is bc ive been withholding how deeply depressed i am,  and i do plan to share that and i hope it'll turn out for the better. He and i discuss family and marriage, have a promise ring, and i know ive been pushing him out. 
I really fear having to take a job just for momey bc i struggled at this last role. I knew i was burning out and realize ft work is incredibly difficult for me bc i do struggle with sleep and that sleep affects my day to day functioning. I also need a job that engages me. It broke my heart to turn down working at an animal shelter but at $15/hr i cant do that and live alone. My bf has expressed once we are married, he plans to support us more so i can focus on a happier job so any job i take rn is kind of stepping stone job as we plan to pursue marriages this year (not a wedding, we want a simple ceremony, plus a honeymoon.) 
I guess I just wanted to express myself and if anyone has any tips or has gotten through a dark period, im open to hearing then.