Subreddit: depression
Title: I cant take it 
Author: bumbumbumbootybum
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-15 02:35:25
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1nhqw/i_cant_take_it/

Sorry in advance this is a long one..

I feel like the last few years have just been hitting me with shit storm after shit storm.
In 2023 my mother suddenly passed unexpectedly. All her children live overseas, 
It was a massive shock to me especially as she raised us as a single parent with my dad not really in my life.

Next thing we find out my grandparents who she cared for the last 10 years sold her assets with the help of an evil aunt and hosted a funeral none of us requested or that my mother wouldnt have wanted have wanted. Funding it with my mothers money.. what was left was 5000 that our grandfather asked ‘please share amongst yourself and sign this note as proof’. We refused to sign and when contacting the bank asking how my aunt or grandparents were allowed access they refused to be of help stating ‘ the next of kin provided evidence’. Her children were the next of kin!! We know my aunt wouldve been a massive orchestrator of all this as my grandparents were in their 90s frail and unable to drive…During that time a new boyfriend broke up with me too..

Only 3 months later i found out I might have cancer nad spent the rest of the year going to different doctors, MRIs and a range of seta to finally have a major surgery, alone with hardly any support. Luckily it was benign but I still have to go for checkups with my oncologist every three months for five years. 

Now 2024 happens and finally i can get to dealing with the grief of my mother and tbh Im still struggling she was my best friend. I kept in contact with my grandparents as out of my sisblings I had been close to them and I had been the favorite, they also took over ownership of my mothers too elderly dogs too. I found out in September they were both put down without any prior notice and was absolutely heartbroken but understand it needed to happen..

November comes and both grandparents pass within days of eachother. We also find out our uncle with terminal cancer commited suicide the night of my grandfathers passing… needless to say its another blow and talk of the will starts happening. One of my brothers during the 2024 year had been relapsing into drugs and alcohol to cope with his depression and had been calling me nonestop to express thoughts of suicide, pushing boundaries and projecting feelings of hatred toward his father onto me which resulted in me going no contact which I still currently am.

My mother had 3 siblings and my grandparents were wealthy. My mother as their caretaker throughout the years had told me about how evil aunt had been removed from the will after my grandparents helped her out of bankruptcy. They told her this is your portion of inheritance and you wont be getting any in the will now. My beother spoke with our grandparents after my mothers passing asking if her inheritance could be passed to us.. they assured him it would be.

My sister has been in touch with the POE a cousin under a different aunt(lets call her A). Who had advised  the will was being reviews by a lawyer whod be in touch bwfore it went to probate. My sister has been in touch with said lawyer. 
Now as of today the lawyer has bwen in touch and told us our mother was taken off the will and only me and my sister have been left a single diamond ring. My sister spoke with my uncles daughter(B) this morning who told her, ‘look I was told not go tell you or your siblings, but your mom was taken off the will after her death. Ive been given my fathers share of the inheritance and a diamond ring. The rest of the money is going to both aunts’.

Needless to say I am shocked, my mother and myslef for 4 years spent tome as my grandparents carers only to be flung aside. I feel like this is the biggst disrespect to my mothers memory… its not even about the money.

Idk but I just feel so downtrodden, it feel like so many bad things have happened …
We have already alerted to lawyer of our contest but Im just so heartbroken…I fons it hard to get out of bed and face the day already as much as it is and now this.