Subreddit: depression
Title: how do you forgive yourself???
Author: Fine-Inspector531
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 15:45:45
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0gv07/how_do_you_forgive_yourself/

Hi, this is my first time posting here, and I don't know what to do. Kind of just want to rant I'm sad, like really sad. I haven't been this sad since my dad passed back in 2017. Im in therapy, I was on lexapro for about 4 years but stopped both of those healthy outlets when I moved to LA this past fall with nothing to hang onto. (yeah ik I def fucked up in stopping those on a huge journey moving across country/ I was already planning on weening off my meds for like 5 months before  I moved) . I planned everything out and moved, yet I left a job before I moved out there and haven't been working since September of 2024. I'm so tired. I feel so alone. Helpless. Both my parents are gone, and I have my aunt who took me in, and she's been nothing but helpful and trying her best to take on a role that's hard. I'm 25, I had to grow up fast, Ive have to figure a lot on my own. I was abused sexually by my family for almost 10 years until high school. And now all those feelings are getting stronger since Ive had a lot of time with myself. I find comfort in the chaos and I don't like it. I know I'm strong but I cant seem to help it because all I want to do is hug my mommy :((( I want her to tell me that everything is going to be okay. I wish my family was emotionally intelligent and didn't always have to bring religion into EVERYTHING.  I miss her so much, and it's crazy because I don't really remember her. I was so young when she passed.  The only things that are keeping me afloat are my friends and this slow-burn lover that I now see myself sabotaging because everything around me isn't going as planned and now I think that everything else should also burn. How do you tell yourself to trust yourself? what do you guys do to get out of this funk? I keep trying to look within, but it's like I'm scared of who I think I am right now. I want to be able to be comfortable with this pain. I know it won't go away, but how do you tolerate it? Will I ever ??? or is it something I just have to manage and regulate to the bone??? I feel like I'm about to give up,, and I don't want to. I hate how lack of money and possessions makes you feel less about your self-worth and that all of this man-made poverty defines my extreme power. Looking back, Ik this will be a life lesson, and laugh it out, but in this current moment, it's hard to see past tomorrow. I want to be able to figure myself, Ik nothing was my fault and ISNT BUT I CANT TAKE THIS PAIN!!! Should I go back to my meds 



I hope someone is out there to say hi, I feel so alone  