Subreddit: depression
Title: Journey of depression 
Author: Significant-List6146
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 20:58:28
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1g9tq/journey_of_depression/

I just want to discuss and share my feelings here and am still working on finding solutions for myself. A little bit of my background…

I am an international student from Myanmar studying A-levels in the UK. I left home when I was 17, and since then, my mental state has shifted. Growing up, expressing emotions and feelings in front of people, especially my family, was never something I did.

I’ve been struggling with overthinking since I was young. When I started to notice I had depression, I didn’t even realize that’s what it was because I’ve always lived my life to the fullest and happiest, so I didn’t recognize it as depression. Day by day, I find it harder to understand my feelings. To be honest, I feel empty, but I want to cry. I have pressures in my life. I can’t get out of bed and can’t even do my usual routine. It feels so dark and silent around me. I only smile and laugh when I’m with friends, but I feel like something is missing. I started isolating myself. I cut off social media because I am already overwhelmed with my thoughts and feelings, and I don’t want to be consumed by the information I see online.

When my thoughts are out of control, and I feel pressured, I want to vanish and disappear for a while. I don’t want to contact anyone and just want to pause everything for a few minutes. I think that’s when my depression started getting worse. I might be super active one day, and the next day I can’t even get out of bed. When things became too severe, I remember that day when i was crossing the road on my way back home from work and wishing a car would hit me. To be honest, that was my very first suicidal thought, but I am highly self-aware, so I wouldn’t act on it.

Now my body physically hurts—my head hurts, and sometimes I feel like throwing up. My heart feels extremely heavy, and sometimes I’m out of breath. I feel tired and oversleep at times, or I don’t sleep until 8 a.m. because I’m fed up with the overwhelming amount of thoughts.

I have these two thoughts going in parallel in my mind. One says, “Yes, let’s do this! Let’s study. Let’s wake up and get things done. Let’s go to work. Let’s revise.” The other one says, “Let me cry for a moment. Or let me sleep for a while. Let me grieve. I’ll start later.” And I genuinely feel overloaded and overwhelmed with my own thoughts, and no one around me seems to understand this feeling, not even my parents.

I reached out to my GP when I started having suicidal thoughts. They told me I fall within the severe range of depression and anxiety and put me on the waiting list for consultation. They gave me antidepressants (Fluoxetine – 20mg), but I’m a bit hesitant to take those pills due to their side effects, especially on hormones.

But yeah, I’m just sharing my problems and can’t seem to find myself again. I used to be very productive and always tried to improve myself both academically and personally, but now I’m done. I don’t know when I will see myself again. Doing A-levels with depression is really hard, and the guilt of not doing well academically is making it worse.
The only thing i know is now that I am starting to question about life. Like what’s the point of living? This is so hopeless and meaningless. 

But i am just sharing my journey with depression and anyone feeling this way, you are not alone. Take care!