Subreddit: eating_disorders
Title:  back with a new flavor of the same old shit
Author: Dead_Man_walkking
Score: 6
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 08:29:44
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/eating_disorders/comments/1i09jsc/back_with_a_new_flavor_of_the_same_old_shit/

I don't eat all day binge at night Sometimes sometimes it's very little Can barely keep anything down. Eat so little that nothing really comes up anymore. Just a little bit of blood. I just feel like a gross piece of shit. Diagnosed with atypical anorexia about five years ago. Was in php for that for about six months What was basically Force to get better was better for a while Now i'm back to the same old shit I'm so exhausted from Portland to health and general that I don't care any more. Really I just know It's terrible for my bodies so I know I can't do it forever. But I hate my body more than I hate what it's doing to my body if that makes any sense. I'm just desperate to be what I consider attractive and cute. Reference on a seventeen year old trans girl. But I'm like 6 foot with broad shoulders built like a ton of bricks. But my goal is to be petite By any means necessary, that's what the brain wants anyway. And I know my girl likes me the way I am but her reassurance do Negative self-talk. It's pretty much all desn't seem to help I know I have Body image issues But they seem to be getting worse. Negative self-talk is pretty much all I've seen myself as these days I don't know what to do. I'm to the point where it feels better to be on healthy than to fucking eat like a normal god damn person. Eating makes me nauseous. I've cut and burned this body. I just don't See a point anymore. I'm exhausted of fighting bad fucking habits. A god damn disorder that won't go Away for the life of me I can't just not eat anymore but I can't keep food down. My mind is just so unbelievably fucked right now. For a reference , i'm writing this like three thirty in the fucking morning I didn't take my meds again.And I didn't keep my little bit of food down.Install if I have a Half a bowl of that shit on my shelf Is it gonna be like this forever? How do I want to change? Why don't I really want to get better? How do I Want to get better? What does getting better look like? How do I get a healthy relationship with food when i've been like this since I was like seven? I'm sorry if I bothered you. Thank you for your time.