Subreddit: depression
Title: How do I make myself eat a healthy breakfast, lunch, and dinner when I don’t enjoy food anymore and eating is a chore? 
Author: Important-Horse5837
Score: 7
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 06:10:15
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0zo9k/how_do_i_make_myself_eat_a_healthy_breakfast/

There are a lot of factors involved here but I’ll try and keep it brief. I feel like I have completely messed up my body’s natural hunger patterns. About 5 years ago, I entered a pretty severe depressive episode that ultimately caused me to strip away everything I previously prioritized about my health. I was in very good shape - I enjoyed running, lifting weights, and competed in CrossFit. I weighed a healthy 130# with a good amount of muscle. When the depression took over, I lost joy in everything I used to love doing. At first, I tried to keep chugging along as I had been, but I recognized I was not doing well and in an effort to minimize the stress my body was going through, I stopped putting pressure on myself to work out every day. My appetite tanked as part of the depression. I had trouble eating and actually began having food aversions that I never had before. Part of this also may be due to losing most of my sense of smell from Covid around the same time. I got help for my depression and found the right medication, but the antidepressants that saved my life unfortunately added to the poor appetite issues. I started smoking weed daily to help with both depression/anxiety and my appetite, which worked well at first, but soon I was in the pattern of eating nothing all day while I was at work, coming home and smoking, and then eating junk. I typically have just one real meal a day - a little bit of whatever my husband and I decide to make for dinner, and then usually some candy or chips or other terrible-for-you munchies I’d snag after smoking. My depression has since improved greatly and I’m slowly rebuilding myself. I’m getting back into enjoying activities and I even joined an ice hockey league which I absolutely love. I haven’t been able to get back to working out because of both motivation issues and also because I know I don’t eat enough to sustain it. I try, but I still have so much trouble putting food down. Sometimes I even feel like I gag and it’s so upsetting, I don’t know what happened as this is something I never expected to have problems with. I do have a history of disordered eating as a teenager about 15 years ago, which I proudly overcame, but that felt very different than this. I never had food aversions like this before these last few years. What can I do? How do I make myself eat a healthy breakfast, lunch, and dinner when I don’t enjoy food anymore and eating is a chore? I weigh 113# at 5’7” and have lost so much muscle, and I know my fitness is struggling. I fatigue fast in hockey and I get knocked around like a rag doll because I weigh nothing. I want to get back to my usual state of fitness and I need a change bad. 