Subreddit: depression
Title: vent
Author: underachieving6
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-15 06:31:54
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1rhv0/vent/

i need to vent and i just had a meltdown and my friend was on the phone with me for 6 hours so i didnt do anything i would regret, but the moment the call ended because i said i would be fine, i reached for my razor. what was it for then? i burdened my friend for 6 hours just to do the thing she wanted me not to. so i thought id rant to a bunch of strangers, to get this secret off my chest.

i, 18f, am a 2nd year international student at a UK university. my parents, well my mom mainly, pay for everything because my anxiety makes me panic severely in interviews for scholarships. its my first semester in my 2nd year and i feel like this whole semester has been downhill. my attendance was basically 50% which is barely the cut off for my visa and i struggled to get out of bed everyday. i thought i was just being lazy, i didnt want to admit it to myself. its better to be lazy than want to die right? anyway, my exam is this week, my first one in 3 hours, and i think im going to fail. i dont know anything. i let work pile up and tried my best to catch up but its all worthless. and if i fail here, then what about the money my parents sacrificed for me for this opportunity? i feel guilty. i feel ashamed. i feel weak. god so weak. i struggle with concepts i learnt years ago, the basics of my course and i cant remember. my brain seems fogged and nothing i do, or nothing i try seems to improve it. i study for hours, sometimes 12 hrs a day, and i cant seem to actually absorb anything. im about to ruin my whole life all because i couldnt get out of bed, i couldnt make myself study even when i know what was on the line. the guilt is overwhelming, i want to sleep and never wake up. 

i feel guilty for feeling like this. my life is good, people would kill for my position. my parents pay for my school and accomadation. they're loving, my dad constantly asks if i ate or sleep, my mom loves me and makes sure i know it. all they ask is that i do well in school, nothing else. they dont hold any other expectations for me. they dont force my interests, they dont make me do things i dont want to. hell even my degree, my mother let me choose. she even asked to make sure this is what i really want to do. people would kill to be in my position. yet i want to die? am i selfish for that? i dont want to kill myself, i can just imagine my parents faces, but i cant help but pray that one day i just die in my sleep. is that so bad? it would hurt them less. if i died in my sleep from unknown causes, than if i walked into moving traffic. i dont want to tell them this. 

i was always my parents golden child. my younger sister had always had self esteem issues and my older brother always caused problems, so i tried my best to be good. i did great for a few years, skipped a few grades, won a few awards, gave my parents someone to brag about. of course i wasnt perfect, when i began to do bad in school when i got more depressed, i made my mother cry. that really broke me i think. i dont want to see them cry, i dont want to hurt them. i just, dont want to do this anymore. am i a coward? is that all i am? 

no one knows i feel like this, only my friend and shes halfway across the world. i feel lonely all the time, even though im surrounded by people. am i just wrong?