Subreddit: lionking
Title: Watched it thrice - thoughts
Author: schleepydawg
Score: 13
Created UTC: 2024-12-27 10:42:48
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/lionking/comments/1hncbnf/watched_it_thrice_thoughts/

This will be long.

I have watched the movie thrice already, and I am going to watch it at least 1-2 more times. I am a fan, and I have been praying for this movie for the last 20+ years. So there's that.

The movie has a lot of good things, the animation, music, and expressions being the major of them. But I am here to talk about the story.

The story was great for the first half of the film. The way they had built the characters, you could see that they were younger versions of what they would grow up to be. Even though I love Afia and Masego, Mufasa really did take after Eshe, and Scar after Obasi. HOWEVER, I still feel that the love triangle was not needed. In the original Lion King (1994) Scar's lust is for the throne. He treats Sarabi like shit when he's king. And I know, you're going to say that TLK 1994 and TLK 2019 are two different universes. Okay, BUT, TLK 2019 came into being ONLY because TLK 1994 was such a masterpiece. Mufasa is a movie of its own ONLY because 1994 Mufasa with his red mane and top notch papa skills are memorable, even though he didn't have a lot of screen time. So yeah, they might be different universes, but such a FUNDAMENTAL plot change shouldn't have happened. And if it really HAD to be there, it could have been done better. Taka flips out and goes nuclear so RANDOMLY. To me, it's just lazy writing. Okay, the seeds of inferiority and resentment are there in him. It's subtle, but it's there. And suddenly all that subtlety gets tossed out of the window because he sees Sarabi and Mufasa hanging out.

SO many people are sympathising with Taka. Saying things like Mufasa 'stole' his girl. Some are villainising Sarabi, saying that she is the reason behind Mufasa and Taka ending up the way they do. I disagree with EVERYTHING. And I'm going to delineate why.

1. Mufasa - He is a righteous cub. He's also humble, and he feels a great deal of indebtedness to Taka. The entire 'Take club' keeps on harping that Take saved Mufasa so many times - yes he did. But Taka was also an entitled and cowardly idiot who wouldn't have survived a day on his own. Obasi didn't send Mufasa with Taka because he had a change of heart. He sent him because he knew his precious lil princey boi didn't have it in him to survive a single day out in the wild by himself. Mufasa was the leader of the pack. He was the one coming up with ideas. He was the one in charge. Without them, the five wouldn't have been able to do shit. Taka was just there. That's not his fault, that's what his father taught him (read nothing). When we come to the part before hi semi-confesses to Sarabi and Taka goes batshit crazy, it is important to note that Sarabi practically grabs him by the balls to make him admit. He had buried his feelings deep inside because he didn't want to hurt his brother. But Sarabi said nope. I'm perceptive, I know you have the hots for me, and I'm not leaving until you say so. (Sarabi ftw). And they just HUNG OUT that night. The first thing Mufasa wanted to do was to talk to Taka about it, but by then, he had just gone off the rails. (more on this when I discuss Taka). All in all, Mufasa wasn't in the wrong. He wanted to talk to Taka about what happened, and considering what he is like, he would have let Sarabi go IF Taka hadn't pretended that everything was okay. Taka just sweet talked his way and pushed Mufasa to death.
2. Sarabi - She's something lmao. She's a little haughty, she thinks she doesn't need help and all. But, what is also very clear that she wasn't interested in EITHER of them right off the bat. Even in her first interaction with Taka, she seems annoyed by his patronising behaviour. (You can't do this alone, I will help you yada yada). It's only with time, ESPECIALLY after Mufasa saves her that she realises she likes him. She goes for QUALITIES. Moreover, she has like 5 dialogues with Taka in the entire movie. She begins to show a preference for Mufasa early on - because they TALK. They actually have an understanding, quite unlike Taka who believes that just because he WANTS something, it will come to him. The only thing he had to offer Sarabi was his bloodline, and that was the one thing she didn't give a rat's ass about. She is perceptive af. She is the one who pushes Mufasa to accept his qualities. She is the one who tells him he needs to be his own lion and not just Taka's protector because he is more than that. Essentially, without Sarabi being the catalyst, Mufasa wouldn't have been Mufasa.
3. Taka - He's a good kid, but he's an asshole. He believes he is a king without a pride, without the skills. And that can be seen all through. Commanding Mufasa to swim when they meet Kiros first. Asking him to thank him. Patronising Sarabi. Running away at the first sight of danger. And he had so much resentment festering that he couldn't even digest that Sarabi and Mufasa had a song. Instead of talking to his brother, instead of talking to SARABI, he just straight up plots his murder. Not much of a wuss now, are you Taka? He literally operates beyond ANY sense of proportion. The scene where Mufasa praises Zazu for covering their tracks, but Sarabi accurately assigns merit where it is due aka Mufasa, and they rub heads, Taka looks as if someone shat inside his mouth. Bro if you want recognition, do something? He has VISCERAL reactions to everything. He behaves as though he is some feudal lord who owns BOTH Mufasa and Sarabi, albeit differently. Mufasa is supposed to, according to Taka, spend his whole life in gratitude, and Sarabi is supposed to fall at his feet because he likes her. Sarabi is, essentially, everything that Taka is not. She is confident, brave, smart, perceptive, she gets things done, she's practical. I understand why Taka would want that kind of energy around him but why would SHE go for a loser lmao.



So yeah although I do feel that the love triangle wasn't necessary and it could have been done better, it's still ridiculous how for people Taka is the poor baby and the other two are scums. It's a Disney thing now, I believe. Whitewashing villains. I am 26, and when I was a kid I had Mufasa and Sarabi and Martin (Finding Nemo) etc as role models. Nowadays, kids only see that eVeRy viLLaiN hAs a sToRy - to the point that Scar's fratricide, machinations to kill a cub, and a horrid reign are justifiable because his mental girlfriend preferred another to him. Instead of giving us role models, Disney is giving us 'villains with a reason' so that people can just use these examples to justify THEIR idiotic behaviour, and go to sleep at night feeling like a victim in a twisted sense.

Rant over. Places to go, kingdoms to see. Thanks for stopping bye. :)