Subreddit: depression
Title: I’m really suicidal 
Author: Ughluna555
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 21:26:20
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1gx5c/im_really_suicidal/

24 (F) 

I’ve dealt with depression on and off for years but the past 6 months has been horrible. Now worst than ever. I can’t get a job anywhere near me, I’ve applied everywhere even fast food and no one is calling me back. I DoorDash and Instacart for the time being to make money and I barely make 200 a week most the time. A lot of the time I drive almost a hour away in hopes I’ll make money and don’t. The other day I went out for 4 hours and made 19$. I get treated like shit by customers and store employees. I don’t want a job that I have to report to a hour away each day because I want time at home with my boyfriend. (The only thing that gives me a slight sense of happiness if that’s even the word) I feel like I’m failing constantly and I really really can’t see it getting any better. I’m extremely overweight and hate my body. I can’t afford to eat healthy, especially when I’m on the road trying to make money. I found my boyfriend watching porn of women the size of one of my thighs and it makes me constantly question myself. Especially since when we got together he lied and said he liked big women. We barely have sex. To the point where I just don’t even try anymore. And when I do work up the courage to do so it’s always some reason he doesn’t want to. We have sex like twice a month. I feel like I’m never going to be able to have a kid due to pcos and the fact that my man barely wants me. I’ve never felt so ugly to a partner in my entire life. I know he loves me despite not wanting to have sex with me often. I honestly have had a lot of thoughts about cheating but I refuse to be the reason someone hates themselves and doesn’t feel worth of love. I have tried everything to make him want me more in that way and he just doesn’t. I don’t have any friends to talk to about anything at all. My best friend died almost 3 years ago and everything has just been shit since. I don’t know what to do to feel better. My biggest goals in life are to have a home and a family and even simple things like that seem way way far out of my grasp. I’ve always been able to see a way things could work out before , even when I was feeling like this. But now it’s so bad I don’t see a future for myself at all. I don’t see how I’ll be able to ever have a stable home if I can’t find a job. Not to mention when I do finally find a job, I’ll be in extreme pain to the point where I won’t be able to walk in the mornings because my feet ache so bad. So regardless I’ll be miserable with or without a job. Even if I lose 100 lbs I’m pretty sure nothing will change with him wanting me more because he’s not a sexual guy (he was only with one person before me) I’m pretty sure the only times he touches me now are when he’s extremely horny for whatever reason or when he feels like I am and knows how badly it hurts that he doesn’t want me. Worst part is I truly know I could find someone that wants to love me the way I want I just want so badly for it to be him. Then there’s the shit with my family. I finally opened up after 11 years of silence about my aunts husband raping me. It felt like my family had my back and now it seems like some of them are back talking to my aunt. My mom is strung out on drugs to the point where i can’t have a single conversation with her without her nodding out. Her husband doesn’t care about anyone but his kids. I asked my mom if I could wash clothes over there because I’m struggling bad with money and of course she kind of said no because he doesn’t want us washing clothes over there. My bf is taking care of everything financially and I hate myself for not being able to help more. I keep looking for something to be happy about but there’s literally nothing. The closest thing I have to happiness is my boyfriend and even this makes me sad because I feel so disgusting to him. Even if he doesn’t see me that way. I just have no clue what to do at all. I’m trying so hard but I so badly just want to die. 