Subreddit: depression
Title: need to explain severe depression to my dad (adult sibling living with parents)
Author: capricorncueen
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 06:23:44
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0zv9q/need_to_explain_severe_depression_to_my_dad_adult/

my older sibling ( 30) recently moved back home (dc) after almost 5 years of being in cali. after battling a lot of mental health & financial issues my sibling and their spouse moved back home with my parents (who were happy to have them and would probably be happy if all of us still lived there). the issue is my mom is very passive and tells my dad my sibling is spending all day in her room and doesn’t talk a lot. They know my sibling is very depressed currently along with me and our oldest sibling. The middle is obviously doing the worst with living at home and not having any income. my parents (who have both had parents with depression / struggled with it themselves) are telling my sibling they talked more when they were in california & my sibling explained they have nothing to give right now. my dad doesn’t care if we spoke once a year or once a day. my mom is the one who wants to talk every day and ideally cuddle.! My dad has continued to press my sibling saying “at least come and talk once a day even if you’re doing really bad you can cry or laugh or just listen. even a hug everyday would help because sometimes helping other people helps” 
my sister has very little energy to argue with him but i am going to sit him down and do my best to explain. if there is anyone who can help me  (26f) talk to my dad (65m) about their expectations of her in this mental state that would be great. i love all of them and live in an apartment so i can have my space from them all the time. My sibling is talking about no contact with my mom when they get to move out and i want to at least give my parents the chance to stop the pain they’re causing. any advice would be great. she is miserable and they’re making it worse. i don’t want to make him defensive but i also know he is only saying these things on my moms behalf. 
