Subreddit: relationshipadvice
Title: Need Advice about my fiance sudden refusal to marry
Author: Ok_Field_11
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 17:09:36
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/relationshipadvice/comments/1i1awyw/need_advice_about_my_fiance_sudden_refusal_to/

26M and 27F are best friends from 7 years. They share a ton of good memories and are not dating or have any intimate relation. One day 27F tells 26M she is engaged and getting married to someone. 26 M generally is always happy for her happiness but that day he felt bad and lost and he realized it wasn’t just friendship and he liked her he mustard up the courage and told her that he is jealous and he likes her and wants to marry her and she said if you would have told me earlier I would have said yess happily but its too late now families are involved and sorry everything happened suddenly. 26M respected her decision and wished her luck with lots of prayers. 27M stopped all kinds of communication with her to avoid unnecessary emotions which may affect any of them and for her married life. After 6 months she texts 26M that he got divorced before even she moved with his husband as that family turned out to be fraud and their intentions were money only or going abroad with he. 26M was deeply saddened at couldn’t believe what happened and he consoled her he stood by her kept her motivated and told her it’s really too much to digest but time will heal if not completely but even partially. After 5 months 26M proposed her that he still likes her and he doesn’t care if she is divorced and is interested to marry her. 26F says okay but I need time 26M gave her 3 months during this time they are communicating regularly and whenever this topic comes 26M tells her I will wait until you are ready. One day she tells him she is ready and gave her family’s contact to 26M. Both families contact each other they like each other and things are real smooth and good. All of sudden 27F stops communicating with 26M for three weeks and ghosts him completely . Than one day she texts him I am sorry but I cannot marry anyone I thought I was ready I tried my best but I am not able to live with anyone its not that I dont want to marry you it’s just I think I can never be happy and neither I can make anyone happy. I cannot feel happiness or sadness I don’t care about things anymore I don’t care if someone lives or dies she said she does not care.
26M listened to her and tried every possible way that he will wait until she is ready she said I won’t recommend you to wait you deserve the best no one would do what you have done for me. 
Background: 
27F has had troubled past her father was abusive to her mother and they got divorced her single mother raised her and raised her well. Her family is still showing that everything is cool and we are ready for marriage. 26M hasn’t shared about her decision with his family because they may tell him to move on and hasn’t said anything to her family because they may force her to marry. As per her her mother told her to leave her home if she won’t marry someone.
26M is giving more time to 27F to think again as he would always support her and take care of her as he really loves her. 26M knows that 27F is in depression and had traumatized past she is emotionally detached and her familis angry at her instead of supporting her and she has lost her friends in all this process and 26M friend is the only good thing in her life who kept her motivated and away from suicidal thoughts.

Need Advise:
1. 26M should respect her decision and move on. He really really doesn’t want to do it as than he himself can lose mind like her.
2. Give her more time to reconsider her decision. For that 26M is ready to wait.
3. Talk to both families and let them decide the best option by making sure she is not forced

26M has already told her that her family has said yes even she told them she doesn’t want to get married. But still he will only listen to her decision even if she says him not to marry but he really is not going to give up so easily and will wait for her and will tell her that he just needs her by his side and he is not expecting perfection.