Subreddit: loseit
Title: Update to last post— near my  goal weight but embarrassed how my body looks and need advice on where to go from here 
Author: oceanmaango
Score: 277
Created UTC: 2024-12-31 03:10:02
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/comments/1hq5abv/update_to_last_post_near_my_goal_weight_but/

Marked as NSFW to be safe purely because the photos show my bra and because my pants are lowered to show my full stomach (I promise I don’t actually wear them that way lol). Nothing inappropriate is actually showing. 

https://imgur.com/a/3HuywhS 
here’s the photos of how my body looks at the moment.

For anyone curious, this post is kind of a follow up to another that I made 2 months ago: it will have more context and also shows progress photos at the time. I’ll link it here: https://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/s/Pl1FUADRZV

Also please don’t send creepy PMs like last time, i just want reassurance or advice here!! 

So I started off as 186.6lbs in May 2024 (I’m 5’4” 22f), and as of today I weighed in at 123.4lbs. This means I’m incredibly close to my goal weight of 120, but the thing is, I still feel really embarrassed of the way my body looks. I don’t like the term “skinny fat” but it’s really the only word I can think to describe myself. My lower stomach has noticeable fat, but it looks even more awkward with how I don’t really have boobs or a butt lol. I’m okay having a bit of a tummy, and I don’t exactly care to look toned or whatever, but I feel like I just look so wonky and I’m really embarrassed to wear anything tight or show skin. 

I don’t know what to do, because I can try to go down to 115lbs like some people suggested in my last post, but I’m already having trouble maintaining my calorie deficit as it’s a lot lower than it was when I weighed more so I worry that I wouldn’t be able to sustain it at 115lbs long-term. I’ve been that weight once in my life back in high school, but I only achieved it due to a crazy highly restrictive diet and I ended up binging and gaining a ton of weight back. I’ve never been that small in a healthy way before and I worry that I’d just get back into that mindset if I tried to go anywhere below my 120s where I’m already having some trouble. 

I’m on a calorie deficit, I regularly work out (cardio and strength stuff 3-5 days a week). I don’t know what else to do to make my body look less silly (disproportionate?) and awkward. Do I try to go down to 115? Or stop focusing on losing weight and try to gain some in muscle by eating more protein and raising my deficit? I just feel so lost.

 I wish I could feel proud of my success but I just feel really bad about myself when I look at the photos. It kind of feels like I’m small now when wearing certain clothes, but like I’m hiding the way my body actually looks and that people would be disappointed when they see it and it’s not the way they imagined. But yeah, any guidance on where to go from here would be greatly appreciated. 