Subreddit: depression
Title: I’m so fucking horrible at all of this
Author: playhtwbfuckon
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 13:39:01
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i168tc/im_so_fucking_horrible_at_all_of_this/

To start I’m F(20) and I have been struggling with depression since I was around twelve years old. I DONT want to get into details because I feel like it would take a lot of time. My years in school were very horrible and I had to homeschool during high school years. I almost failed almost all of my classes and other aspects of my life sucked ass. I wouldn’t leave my house for months. I had a few friends and obviously bad relationships with my parents. My life was a one consistent traumatic event, that’s how I would describe it. I went through so much and managed to stay alive and even to graduate somehow. I thought I was getting better, and that I can live with my depression. By the way I’m completely raw dogging it (no meds, no professional help) bc in my shithole country it’s not even accessible that easily and potentially will get me into more trouble. The therapists that I have spoken to throughout the years were complete unprofessional morons. My brain is so traumatised it’s basically a fried substance at this point. Anyways, I managed to start my life from the scratch after graduation. I blocked everyone and deleted my social media presence. I moved out of my hometown and went to university. Those last three years of my life were bearable, there were bad things every now and then (failed relationships, constantly moving, etc) but they were not nearly as bad as everything that happened before so I thought I was doing fine. Until recently, but I’m failing my exams in university so badly and my attendance this past few months was horrible. I’m genuinely depressed again. I thought I’m stronger now and I can handle adult life, but I’m just crashing out every day. I feel drained physically and mentally. Is there even a point to keep going anymore? I feel like I’m failing at the act of living itself.
Ps: I’m sorry for my English, it’s my third language. I’m not from states or Europe. 