Subreddit: depression
Title: I want the suffering to end
Author: schleepydawg
Score: 4
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 06:51:07
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i109h3/i_want_the_suffering_to_end/

I am a 26 year old woman, and I have never had a romantic relationship of any sort in my entire life. And I grew up with an elder sibling who always had men pursuing her and pining for her. I used to feel bad even back then, and couldn't wait for the time it happened to me - it never did. It's not that I haven't fallen in love, or tried to have relationships. I have, but they never worked out - as in, it never reached the 'relationship' stage. I see others are given freely what I have to beg for.

And for the longest time, I thought there was something VERY wrong with me. Maybe I was ugly? Maybe I wasn't confident? Maybe I was stupid? But I didn't whine over all this. I worked on these aspects. I worked on my self confidence, on my personality, my character - I am still a work in progress, but I am also quite proud of who I am as a person. I don't mean to sound conceited at all (it has taken me YEARS to reach a place where I can believe this about myself) - I am good to look at, I am doing well academically, and I am a good person with a reasonably decent personality. I have NO problem making friends, it's just love that evades me. And I can't help but feel that because I haven't experienced love being reciprocated, or directed towards me (romantic love) EVER in my life, in all these 26 years, maybe I won't get it at all, ever. Maybe I am not meant to experience it, in this life. I can genuinely think of no other reason that I have a life like this.

And the worst part is, my deepest desire is to have a family. I know, a family doesn't always mean a partner or a husband. I can adopt a kid, I can adopt pets. I know I WON'T adopt pets because I am going to lose the ones I already have, and I don't have it in me to replace them. To me, they are my children, and I cannot for the life of me go and be a mother to another dog. So pets are out. I could adopt a kid, but affording one as a single mother eventually would be difficult. And if I don't have a family, if I don't have the feeling of partnership, I don't see the point in living. The only reason I am sticking around is for my pets. I have a duty towards them, and I can't use all my sorrow as an excuse to not show up for them. I need to suck this up as long as they are around because this isn't their fault. But once they're gone, I have no reason to live. 

I really don't know why I was singled out to be unloveable, and I don't know how I am going to live life if this doesn't change, which it probably won't.