Subreddit: therapy
Title: My mom forces us to go to different churches 
Author: 5_Dollar_Gigs
Score: 0
Created UTC: 2025-01-05 14:04:40
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/therapy/comments/1hu7pxk/my_mom_forces_us_to_go_to_different_churches/

I'm a 19 year old male, I'm an atheist but I mostly believe in Christianity as we grew up going to a New Apostolic Church with the whole family. I live with my grandparents together with all my siblings and my mom lives with my stepdad.

So my mom has been telling us that she has visions, believes everything that happens in her dreams and also believes that she has a gift of prophecy. Firstly she said that she had a dream about a specific Church that has spiritual beliefs and then started attending there. She even invited us and our grandma. I really don't believe in that church as I keep my faith to Christianity. My mom forces us to go to that church.

Now, she said that she had another dream about a different church where they also predict what's happening to your life and now she's also forcing us to go there. The first time going there I was with her and my 15 years old sister. We were waiting for one of the prophets to do her job as she helps multiple people. We waited there outside in the morning sitting on the benches from 07:30 until it went to around 12 am. It was sunny and I really wanted to go back home as I really don't like the idea of switching churches like that, believing in Christianity only and I got mad that we had to wait for about 5 hours.

So I decided to leave, obviously my mom did try to stop me and even said that there's something that I have to fight back in my life, of which I don't understand because I think we all have a choice in religions. Fast forward they finally got to the prophet and came back home and told me that they did mention me that I'm a person who has anger issues, I sometimes lose my mind and my result aren't good. 

All of that is so unlike me, because I don't have anger issues as I'm just a quiet and chilled guy, even at home they know, I don't lose my mind and I'm mentally stable and in university (2024 first year doing Bcom in Information Systems ) I got distinctions in all my modules for 1st semester and in 2nd semester I got distinctions in all except 1 module that I just passed with good results. 

Obviously I got mad at what they told me about, not getting mad at them but with the idea that the prophet came up with things that I feel like they're not even real. I never disrespect my family as I admire them being adults who are good at guiding us, but I really don't like it when my mom has to force us to attend those different churches  and I find it unnecessary. 

I feel like it's not fair as she's that person who never give others a chance to express their feelings and assumes that she's always right and treats us like kids who don't know anything. 

Now I'm really motivated to stay away from home by sticking my goals that will change my life and make my own decisions properly away. Now I'm still at University and staying there away from home, I feel like I'll even stay there and never come back home more frequently. This situation makes me uncomfortable and miserable. I really believe that Christianity is the best as I grew up going there, besides it there's nothing else I believe in. Am I wrong for all what's happening? I believe that I'm eight and it's all about preference when it comes to religions

Today, we visited the same prophet. She asked how I’m doing in school, inquired about my academics, and so on. I've noticed that she judges based on what she’s asked about me, but never actually prophesies. She even mentioned that there are people at school who don't get along with me and fight me, which is not true, and I denied it. She then said that I’m the one causing these issues, which is also untrue. Honestly, this whole experience feels like a scam.