Subreddit: depression
Title: i want not exist anymore 
Author: Excellent_Peak_7944
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 14:18:30
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0ey80/i_want_not_exist_anymore/

I am now a 19-year-old guy. My family paid a lot of money for my private high school education, but I couldn’t get into university because I was unfocused on my studies when I was 17. Immediately, my family started getting mad at me. We are four children, and all three of them got their bachelor’s degrees. So they started comparing me to others.

After finishing high school, I started training at the gym, earning enough money to cover myself, created my own business, and stopped asking my mother for money after I turned 17. By that time, I trained more and more, even though I was exhausted, and I was super motivated. When I started my fitness journey, I weighed 50 kg and gained 17 kg of muscle mass.

When I came home, I liked to show my mother and brother (I was raised without my dad) my progress. But they also got mad and told me, "Life is not about training." After hearing this repeatedly, I started losing hope about training.

I began earning more money with my business, which sells plastic chairs and tables online in my country, and I stopped sharing money with my mother. I started spending money at luxury restaurants and cafes every day, not even eating breakfast at home. Naturally, they had no idea how much money I was earning every single day.

I also started playing video games in computer clubs, mainly CS2. I spent the whole day and night playing, from 12:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.m., putting my work (my business) aside. When I came home, we would have conflicts with my mother and brother because I came home so late. I didn’t like talking to them, so I kept it a secret where I was going. I knew that if I told them, they would scold me even more. And this repeated every day, every month.

Then my stupid brother opened my phone and checked all my text messages with clients, friends, and my girlfriend. My anger reached such a level that whenever they didn’t like something about me, I preferred to make it worse because that crazy brother had no right to take my phone. Eventually, I lost my business and money.

That crazy brother also kept me locked up, taking some of my money for himself, deceiving me. When I asked, his response was, "You’re also living in this house and eating, so why can’t I use it too?" But in the beginning, he deceived me and took a part of my money.

Now, I don’t even feel angry at them. If they say something, it’s easier for them to disappear. Not just them, but life itself feels like it has nothing left for me. I’m living like an animal, just existing, and I sleep all day. I no longer feel like living, and I don’t even know how much longer I can bear this. I don’t want to talk to my family at all. Even if they get sick, I wouldn't care about them. I distract myself with video games sometimes. Sometimes, I think maybe if my father hadn’t left, things wouldn’t have turned out this way. 