Subreddit: depression
Title: Severe Depression
Author: Potential_Gur585
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-15 02:32:45
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1nfyx/severe_depression/

Hello everyone,

I’m 33 and I have a B.S. in Computer Science 3.9 and an MBA in Business Administration 4.0 and I’m still unable to find work. I think the problem is I can’t even figure out how to get hired as crazy as that sounds. I cry myself to sleep at night and live with ruminating thoughts about how I’m just worthless and incapable of ever getting out of the rutt. I served as an academic tutor and I was a delivery driver and long ago I worked as a bag boy at a grocery store. 

I was able to obtain my undergrad education while caretaking for my elderly family members and my younger sisters but at the end of my undergrad both of my grandparents died and my 2 best friends died from overdose. 

I was never the same after that. I was on adderall and marijuana along with copious amounts of nicotine products between both vaping and smoking cigarettes but between undergrad 2017 until I started my Masters degree 2024 is when I quit these substances and chemicals completely and I’m free of them proudly but despite overcoming all of that and finishing my masters degree even without the help of the student disability center, it all feels like it was for nothing at this point. I’m just severely depressed and feel extremely stuck. My thoughts are terrible I never stop thinking about leaving this place. I can’t stand that I pushed so hard and feel just stagnant without any opportunity and it’s because I don’t have work experience and I’m also apprehensive about applying to jobs with verbose descriptions and how I feel so stupid and incapable it’s awful. Why can’t I just land a job? I’ve seen others do the exact same thing as me apply to jobs on handshake and indeed and linked in and find work. 

It’s like a cruel punishment from the universe every step of the way and I’m to the end of my rope I genuinely feel so much sick inside it’s hard to keep going. Anyone got any ideas? It’s like I should already have my life together but I’m 33 and just raked through the coals and exhausted 