Subreddit: depression
Title: It's so hard living like this
Author: _raven_the_knight
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 16:19:36
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i19pu5/its_so_hard_living_like_this/

Sorry for how long and unorganized this might be. I'm just so depressed. I have borderline personality disorder which has effected me horribly as im sure anyone with bpd can tell you. I've had many bad relationships and there has only been one person I've been with where I truely felt like I was where I belonged. I've been an outcast all my life but this man just got me.  We still hang out sometimes and the love is still there but it kills me to know that I'll never have him. We tried dating but he got really distant and avoidance while I got clingy so we broke up. I miss him so much it hurts. I wanna feel like I belong somewhere again. I dont have any friends. The last time I talked to my friends was when I told them how bad my depression has gotten, treatment resistant, and how I wish i wasn't here anymore. They stopped talking to me after that.

Everything in the world makes me sad and tired. The injustices in the world, the fact that nothing matters, the things I'll never accomplish. I've dropped out of college multiple times because I have no motivation. I don't even know what i want to do with my life and im only 23 but I see everyone else accomplishing things and I feel so far behind. I have my med card to help with anxiety but if im working i spend all day waiting to go home and smoke or if I have the day off I spend all day smoking and laying around. I think I have a problem. It's like I never wanna spend a moment sober. 

I post sad stuff like this on reddit a lot but never get many people commenting. Idk why that bothers me I guess I'm just reaching out for help to no avail. I tend to have a spending problem because i constantly think "nothing matters might as well buy this". I stopped for a while but fell back into old habits.

My job really effects me, I work alone in food service and have to close by myself every night because of how understaffed we are. Customers are very rude to me and treat me like an automated machine. They'll see me running this place by myself and still yell at me for being low on food. It causes me a lot of distress. I think that's why I lay around and smoke all the time, because I'm just always so tired and burnt out.

I have trouble making friends because i never know how to be myself around people so I just stay quiet. Like I said my ex is the only person I truly feel comfortable around and I don't think im ever gonna find someone like that for me again. I dont think there's a soulmate out there for me and I don't know why I want to be loved so bad, i think because my parents never loved me but thats a different story I guess.

I just needed to rant really bad and hope someone answers. I'm so alone its like my skin hurts. This is a really condensed version of everything going on i just didn't wanna make this too long. I really don't wanna die but i don't wanna live either