Subreddit: depression
Title: Im doing everything right… and its still not enough
Author: MamiYPapiNoseAman
Score: 5
Created UTC: 2025-01-13 02:29:25
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i03taf/im_doing_everything_right_and_its_still_not_enough/

Everything in my life is good. I’m in a steady upward trajectory in my life for first time as an adult. I’m very close to graduating with my bachelors, I’m in a new relationship with a boy I YEARNED for, for months. I’m guaranteed a job post-graduation. My family is so healthy, happy and we’ve created a strong support system after years of dysfunction. I’m financially stable, I have food, I have a car, I have loving friends, I have cute pets. I have a smart mind, an empathic heart and so much potential. I have hobbies and passions and dreams. I have a wonderful psychiatrist who takes me seriously, I have my medication that helps me get out of bed in the morning, sometimes. I’m self-aware and *usually* have a therapist. I have strong coping mechanisms and techniques.

But I just… hate myself. Maybe it’s the seasonal depression + dysthymia but Im just so frustrated that even after an upping on my medication AND the addition of another one, I feel a *tiny* bit better then last week but I still feel so scared? I’m doing *everything* I possibly can to keep myself a float. I socialize with wonderfully kind people almost everyday for hours, I’m working out in the gym and sometimes it makes me feel confident, and i embrace and surround myself with people who support and love me. But whenever I’m not busy… whenever there is silence in my life and I’m alone. I feel insecure, I feel lonely, I feel like little me when I was being neglected and abused, I feel ugly, and I feel worthless. 

I put on such a happy mask, and Im really, truly am a optimist. I love humans, we hold so much love in us. I love nature. I love music and art. I think life is beautiful and worth living. But its like theirs a tiny, nagging but CONSTANT voice in the back of my head, telling me that I’m just a burden onto everyone’s life. That life is too hard and it would so much easier to just fall asleep forever. I have an inescapable itch to self harm that never leaves even while busy. I can’t eat even if I try, maybe getting skinny will make me less insecure and feel more loved, but if not at least it’s closer to death. I isolate myself in my room whenever I can and just sleep while my heart *begs* me to draw. I feel like I’m wasting my life away.


I feel like people just pretend to love me because of moral obligation, pity, or amusement. And the only way I can make these thoughts disappear is by keeping myself busy. But executive dysfunction and insomnia go hand and hand to make any moment not spent at work or school, my own personal hell.