Subreddit: depression
Title: Can’t move on from her
Author: bigchoomah-
Score: 4
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 05:27:25
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i0z0kh/cant_move_on_from_her/

She was my first love. We were young and dumb. I hurt her, she hurt me, but the love we shared was deeper than anything I’ve ever felt. It’s been seven years now and I’m so lost without her. Sometimes I feel I can accept the loss, but it never lasts. Our breakup destroyed me. I broke up with her due to our relationship becoming long distance and my nosedive into depression and addiction. She asked me to be there for her through the breakup and healing process and I obliged… worst mistake of my life. She continued to act as if we were together (long distance) until she finally moved on and ghosted me. I never stopped loving her and that tore me apart. 

I’ve sobered up. I’ve made new friends. I’ve dated many new people. I even thought I was falling in love with someone new once, but we were just seeking comfort in our own misery. I recently mentioned that I wanted to make amends with her to my mom, I’ve made amends with nearly everyone else I hurt during my darkest days. My mom relayed to me that she is in a longterm relationship and it gutted me. It made me realize my intentions weren’t as pure as I thought. It also made me realize I’ll likely never get the chance to tell her how truly sorry I am for the ways in which I hurt her, or the opportunity to make it up to her.

I know that if I do ever heal, I’ll likely find my own peace and happiness with someone I’ve yet to meet. But, I can’t let go of her. It taints every new relationship. I don’t think I’ve truly opened up to anyone since she ghosted me. I feel so broken and I just push it down. But it continues to grow like an anchor slowly dragging me into the depths of a dark ocean. I’ve stopped dating. I end up hurting anyone and everyone I try to move forward with romantically. We reach a certain point and I close off. I’m terrified that if I open up, they’ll hurt me the way she did. I know that pain is a part of life but I’ve never been able to properly deal with the intensity of negative emotions like that. So I shut the door to my heart and threw the key down the gutter. 

I have such a hard time truly engaging with life. I feel like a child terrified of what might come next. I’ve wasted so much potential and privilege. I was given the world but I’ve always longed for the stars. Now I’m in my late 20s, I’m looking at my future, and I just can’t accept the amount of work I’ll have to put in  to even attempt to get back to the beautiful life I was gifted. The world has turned grey and the glimpses of color I see are not enough to push me forward. I’m trying to take the steps needed to move forward but it’s such a slow and painful process. I just want to love her, but I’ll never have that opportunity again. I’d have ended things a long time ago but I’m more terrified of death than I am of life. So I live in limbo, deeply in pain, pretending everything’s okay. 

I’ve tried therapy. I’ve tried medications. Nothing helps. Life is meaningless to me but no one around me would ever know. I put on a happy face and try my best to be a source of light for those around me. I don’t want those closest to me to know how ungrateful I am of their presence in my life. It eats me up inside knowing that if I just reached out, truly showed my cards, that there would be so many people who would show me boundless love. Her love is the only thing I crave. But it was never mine to hold. And it will never be mine again. 

I love you T. I wish you nothing but love and happiness. I respect you enough to never enter your life again, but the cost of that is crippling me.. It’s my burden to bear and I’ll bear it as long as I have left. I’ll miss you. Forever and always.