Subreddit: depression
Title: What is wrong with me...
Author: ajmjn
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 07:04:19
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i10g5t/what_is_wrong_with_me/

I'm not even sure what to say. 

I've never felt like I belong. Fit in. Whatever you want to call it. 

I live in a small town. Married, currently separated, divorce pending. 2 kids. 

When I met my husband, he was everything I wanted. 

But after a few months, he became emotionally and physically abusive and I should have left then and there but I didn't. He made me believe that no one else would want me and that I was lucky to have him.

11 years later and here we are. 

He's grown a lot, I'll give him that. He worked on many of his issues and he's never been a bad father to our kids. 

But I'll still never be enough as I am to him. He'll always find fault with everything I do, and the way I am. 

Last night he came over, asking me to give us another chance, again. 

I left because he cheated on me. It put me in a huge depression and because I couldn't get over it fast enough, he got mad. We fought a lot and eventually I just couldn't handle all the hurt and I left. 

I've been doing okay, untill recently. 

Iias him and the life we built together. But somewhere deep inside I know I should go back. Last night confirmed it. He put me down so bad again basically telling me that no one likes me and I know nothing about how the real life works. And that I'm a disrespectful person and need to grow up. 

My eyes are puffy and swollen because I cried myself to sleep again last night. 

What is wrong with me? Am I such a terrible person?

I feel depressed because I have little to no income. I'm struggling to find a job because I've been out of the workforce for so long being a stay at home mom. I have bills to pay and no way of making it except to ask him for help which just further confirms his believe that I'm useless and won't make it in life. 

I just want to end it all and send my kids to him so they can continue to have the luxury life they're used to. Instead they're stuck with a depressed mom in a low income cockroach infested flat. 

I don't know where my dreams and self believe went. I don't like being on earth anymore. I don't like life. I hate that I'm responsible for two new humans and I try so hard I really do but it feels like I'm just screwing them up by being such a sad loser. 

I just wish I never met my husband. I can't help but wonder where my life would've been. 

Now I need to start over and I don't know how. I hate life. I hate feeling how I do. 

I just want to go to sleep and not wake up. 
