Subreddit: depression
Title: death is the only way ill be free
Author: bluesteel-one
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-15 04:09:52
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1p8k6/death_is_the_only_way_ill_be_free/

I had a bad childhood, this severely affected me in my formative years. I grew up with severe anxiety, low self esteem and depression. I developed a habit of daydreaming as a means of escape that continues to this day.
The only solace i would find is i was somewhat good in studies. This would not last. 

I started skipping classes a lot in highschool, got addicted to smoking and as i saw my grades drop i fell even deeper into depression. I always thought money was the only way i could escape, however with academic performance like this it seemed all but impossible. I dropped out and attempted suicide 2 times. Both were failures.

I underwent treatment for the next three years.  It was not helpful. Seeing my peers move ahead in life was more than i could take. I cancelled my phone subscription,deleted my social media and went awol. I eventually decided to give life another try. I could always kms if things didn't work out. 

I used to numb my days with anime and manga this made depression manageable, prime daydreaming fuel. Outside college i was a complete shutin. Never managed to have a relationship. Fell in love 3 times in 28 years but never managed to find the courage. In my studies I worked hard and combined with luck i got a tech job in the pandemic boom. 

I was miserable for the first few months and made a lot of mistakes but eventually learnt the ropes and became the best performer. I left there to join a big corporate job due to a worsening work environment. 

The problem started here. My routine broke and depression and anxiety that were under control so far resurfaced back. My smoking habit has worsened. I started medication and therapy again which didnt help. Im performing poorly at my role. I want to quit but the job market sucks. I also have no energy/motivation left to power through. 

So many years of struggle. Me becoming financially independent, someone my family can be proud off. And still i face the same issues i faced at the start. I have lost all motivation and have nothing to look forward to. I feel tired and spent. I have constant suicidal ideation. I started googling for painless methods again. My life that i so painstakingly put together has begun falling apart again and i have no energy to continue. 


