Subreddit: depression
Title: I don't want to live anymore
Author: ThrowRApsixe
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-15 14:29:01
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1ykr7/i_dont_want_to_live_anymore/

I don't want to live anymore, but I also don't want to commit suicide.
I've been battling depression, anxiety, trauma and hyper sensitivity since I was about 14. I'm now 35 (F)
I've tried therapy and medication and I'm still on meds (20mg Lexapro and +- 1mg Lorazepam a day)
Sure, they take the edge off sometimes. They make me able to get out of bed I guess.
But so far, it seems to be getting worse every year.

I've had my fair share of toxic people and situations in my life. They also caused trauma.
I've had a few emdr and brainspotting sessions but tbh, I don't feel it does anything for me. Or there's just so much that I need to do it for years for it to have effect.

Now I have a very non toxic partner, who is there for me and would never harm me, in any way. And I keep telling myself that I have to be happy with him, because of that. How can I throw away a relationship of 3,5 years with someone who's actually a good person and loves me so much.

But I'm so unhappy. I'm so depressed. And he knows it. And he really tries to be there for me, unburden me and he wants to do everything he can. And he's okay with the fact that these nervous breakdowns happen sometimes.
He's literally 1 out of a million. Why am I not happy with him?

He has adhd which makes him very absent-minded and clumsy. Things that have to happen in his house (where I also live), like new shutters for the windows for example, don't happen unless I keep reminding him. He's like 'yeah I'll send them an email' and then they don't reply to it and he just forgets about it again. I know I could just do it all but it's not my house and I don't have the energy to take care of all these things by myself. To always have to remind him of things like that. To always have to double check things. To see him bang his foot or head against something so many times. It eats up my energy. I get so annoyed by it. I wish it wouldn't, honestly.

So here I am, so grateful for having someone like him in my life, but also annoyed and exhausted by the same person.

I don't know what to do anymore. Yesterday while I was driving, I imagined just turning my stearing wheel toward the trees. Or go sit in a meadow at night while it's freezing until I just freeze to death. Or take an overdose of Lorazepam. Or cut my wrists in the tub. A lot of these thoughts come to mind, cause I just don't see a way out anymore. I'm not going to act on those thoughts though, but I'm scared that one day I might.

Thank you for reading.

TL;DR I don't want to live anymore, have suicidal thoughts but don't act on them, have a partner who is extremely good for me but I'm not happy with.