Subreddit: depression
Title: I'm [22M] and drown in misery rn
Author: Zestyclose-Working50
Score: 2
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 18:13:45
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1cfg3/im_22m_and_drown_in_misery_rn/

I am [22M] and focused on my career since the beginning of my college. Cracked some internships but not yet placed, due to market scenarios. Liked a avg looking girl [22F] a lot from my batch, she treats me like friend. We usually meet in months or weeks and there is clear bonding.

 She used to like a guy, say it X, because he is fine looking and have a muscular body. She is into muscular men. I'm a fine looking guy by looks but skinny. I did like her a lot but each time we used to meet she again and again kept talking about her crush which was about to pass out from college that time. I thought I'll have my chance after he leaves the college as that guy was way out of her league but she still kept chasing him through social media. I never dated anyone in my life so I do know how to talk to girls but still runs out of topic at some point. When I noticed that she is still into that X guy I kinda started focusing again on my career more but recently I met her and she tells me that this whole time since he passed out she was into a situationship with a guy Y where they were not committed. They even got physical but never committed as the guy backed off after getting physical 1 time.

 I am regretting my whole life right now, couldn't achieve a good career, college is about to end, couldn't experience dating thinking she is not into anyone other than the guy X. I don't know what should I do to get over this feeling I have rn. All I wanted to date a girl, not just because of those lewd terms, but in cherishable way where I treat her with care and treat her as other half on which I can rely on sometimes emotionally. Again my mind is saying to forget all that happened and start focusing on career but then I think my whole college life in nutshell was literally nothing and drown in nothing but despair thinking about both career and relationship.