Subreddit: Slycooper
Title: Clockwork issue
Author: Maleficent-Berry6626
Score: 3
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 19:28:43
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/Slycooper/comments/1i1e88t/clockwork_issue/

Personally I feel like the question of WHERE DID CLOCKWORK GET THE TECH AND MATERIAL to build his "robotic" body if he was there in ancient Egypt. Now that there's a time travel component in sky 4 thieves in time maybe clockwork is from the future? Or clock-la? 

In sly 2, you retrieve clockwork parts from the klaww gang and Bentley THROUGH the missions talks about how advanced and how rare the materials that made clockwork's body were. And since we know that clockwork was just a regular owl in ancient Egypt the question that I always had as a kid is how did some bird in ancient times successfully build a robotic body? Of course through history he changed one body part at a time as explained in sly 1. 

Also how odd is that his name is clockwork (we don't know if that's his real name or not but that's what the games called him.) assuming that it is, how could he be named that in ancient Egypt?!

My theory is that clockwork is either from the future and therefore a self fulling prophecy or clock-la that forgot her real name and only retained the faint memories of clockwork and assumed this new identity for beating her during sly 2

Maybe clockwork is some professor in the future that Bentley gets help from to discover where sly ended up, and helps build A NEW time machine. But somehow along the way they accidentally leave young clockwork behind and can't get him maybe the gang won't because it needs to happen for sly's timeline to stay intact. Either way, young clockwork see's this as a betrayal and using his knowledge of the future, some spare parts of the broken time machine he builds what we see his new cybernetic body. 

OR clock-la somehow builds a time machine to kill sly and his family member so he wouldn't exist, but after being defeated in ancient Egypt and along the way clock-la gets stuck in the past with memory loss and assumes the identity of clockwork and therefore becomes a paradox. 

Any thoughts?