Subreddit: depression
Title: Start of the new school year
Author: SycoSari
Score: 1
Created UTC: 2025-01-14 18:32:59
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1i1cw2e/start_of_the_new_school_year/

Hiii F15 here! Since I'm getting ready to do admission tests for college, my stress has increased and I started to overthink everything. Of course, everybody is scared of the new environment, people and rules, but I'm seriously terrified. I have been mentally ill since 3rd grade, going through school bully1ng, st@lking and dealing with mentally unstable (abus1ve) mother. No therapist actually helped me, not taking my issues seriously which made my mental health worse. I developed severe anxiety disorder, depression and ADD, all diagnosed. 
Now, that you know a bit about the causes of such a stress and overthinking, I will get to the point. I'm quite confident in passing the admission tests, since I was studying so hard and still am. The only thing that I fear is adaptive course (a trip for new students that lasts 4 or less days, doing activities to get to know their new class and their new teacher). I HATE camps, too long trips, being too far away from home and the adaptive course is so terrifying. I'm not a person for team activities or communicating, because my mum forced me into camps where I had issues to fit in and make new friends. so the imagination of being with other people my age for four days without knowing anything about them, especially doing activities with them scares me. Unfortunately I can't skip it, since every school requires participation of everyone. Since I received medication only for ADD and not my anxiety, I get stressed really quickly. I was recently experiencing more and more anxiety and panic attacks, so I need to get my therapist to give me medication for it asap.

Any tips how to deal with the adaptive course in the future? Or is there any way I could explain the teachers in college that I cannot participate in it due to health issues? (If there are any grammar mistakes, I apologise. English isn't my first language. I'm not sure how other countries have it with adaptive course, so if this is confusing, don't judge me, judge google translator).