Subreddit: depression
Title: i think i lost hope in my life and i feel stuck
Author: lysloveslemons
Score: 4
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hrmy39/i_think_i_lost_hope_in_my_life_and_i_feel_stuck/

forgive me for potential word salad.

i have lived a really difficult life. my childhood cut short when i was 13 and had been SA, developing CPTSD, which i still struggle with today (13 years later). right now, i am struggling with keeping a job. which is incredibly difficult, given the job market by me is very ...bad, to say the least.  i keep trying to be optimistic, "lemon, that job was no good anyway, this time we will find one that speaks to your heart" man..i even tried applying to a petsmart and didnt get a call back. i just feel so dumb. even with years of exp in vetcare, im always rejected because i am not "the best choice" (i am just an assistant, but am extremely capable of learning, especially because animals are a passion - i steer clear from tech jobs because i have zero exp with their skills!)  i am fully in love with caring for animals, and if being a veterinarian didnt come with so much debt i would do that in a heartbeat. i bring it up because ive been applying to vet assistant positions, have had a small handful of interviews, people saying "well call you by XYZ if we decide to hire you" and then nothing. i recently got out of a DV relationship, and am living back home with my mom. im starting to wonder if my ex was right all along about me. i cant keep a job, because they do something wrong and i get too scared to go back, and i just dig my own hole. im too sensitive with myself, and others. im gonna lose my car in a few weeks because i dont have any money left. i reached out for gov assistance, they reached back out and i was too anxious to pick up their calls because im scared of the rejection. i keep digging my own hole. anxious..depression..i feel so so lame. i feel stuck. im self sabotaging to the fullest. why cant i just be normal? why cant i just work like everyone else?