Subreddit: depression
Title: My dad pointed his gun at me threatening to kill me 
Author: OfficeContent888
Score: 6
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hubyve/my_dad_pointed_his_gun_at_me_threatening_to_kill/

On Christmas day I visited my family members together with my brothers and parents, I met up with my cousins and we decided to buy alcohol and get drunk. We got very drunk but the vibes were good, everyone was happy and so was I. Later we got caught and we were beaten pretty bad by my dad, I'm 19 btw and in my country the legal age of drinking is 18. My uncle came to me and slapped me, I got angry cuz he can't just do that, I told him not to touch me and asked him why he hit me. My mom threw me to the ground and started hitting me while on top of me.

We got into the car after that and headed home, my dad who was drunk and driving started asking my little bro why he was crying, I felt as though it was a threat, I've always hated my dad cuz he is extremely strict and narcissistic, but that's a whole story in itself. I told him drive, and said it a few more times after he told me to shut up, smth I would have never said while sober since I fear him to death.

He stopped the car on the side of the road, opened my door ad threw me out to the ground, stomped and kicked me, I was in a fetal position trying to protect myself, too drunk to run or even understanding what's going on. I was crying asking for forgiveness, getting choked by my saliva as I did so, I didn't feel the beatings I got at my cousins place because the alcohol somehow numbed me, this time I felt it, got hit on the head, torso and legs, the chest is where it hurt, I cant even emphasize how hard he kicked me, like how a thief in a slum would, what hurt me the most is my mom shouting that I deserve it, we have always been cool with her and have a strong connection, hearing her saying that hurt deep. 

He later put me back inside the car, took out his gun and pointed it to my head, shouting that he will kill me, he said that couple of times and I was crying begging him to stop, he later stopped and went back in the driver sit and took my glasses saying  I didn't deserve them, my phone too. He forced me to shave my hair, I had locs, and said he will disown me if I make him mad ever again, anything that I can that will make him mad. He never apologized for what he did, I did, also to my uncle. ill leave it there cuz its making me even more upset and sucidal, I was diagnosed with depression 3 years ago and now its even worse, I dont know what t do and cant live like this, I want him dead 