Subreddit: depression
Title: this takes depression to a new level
Author: nice_giraffe76
Score: 2
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1htj1jo/this_takes_depression_to_a_new_level/

Hello, I don't know what to do.   I have major depression (and anxiety, adhd, ocd) I've been suicidal many times, hospitalized twice.  Well now I have just been diagnosed with ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease) which is a horrible disease that is 100% fatal.  They usually don't know what causes it, it's just sporadic.  Chances are that within the next year or two I will be completely paralyzed, unable to speak, have to be tube fed, etc.  Within 3 to 5 years I will likely be dead.  I'm already having trouble walking and speaking. 

Now I'm REALLY depressed.  Before I could take my mind off of things by fantasizing about moving to an area that I've always wanted to live in, which is not possible now.  Even if I could move there, it's in the downtown of a city and you get everywhere by walking.  It's a historical area so the sidewalks are not wheelchair friendly at all.

I have a career that I worked extremely hard on and felt like I was FINALLY not feeling like an imposter.  I was looking forward to the next 11 years until I retire (actually, I don't even want to retire because I enjoy it) to getting better and better, honing my craft, and making a difference in the lives of others.  So that took my mind off of the depression and I was starting to feel optimistic.  Now I probably will have to quit within a year.

My son is severely handicapped.  He's 19 and now my poor husband will have to care for him by himself, which is an overwhelming and extremely difficult job.  Not only will my husband be dealing with being crushed that I died, but he will have to face caring for our son alone. 

Sometimes I would go see live music and dance - I love to dance.  This provided me with some happiness and a break from the depression.  Now I won't be able to dance.  I will be able to still enjoy live music - or just music in general - so at least there's that.

I literally have nothing to look forward to now.  I feel like what's the point of even getting out of bed?  I wish I was at least religious so that I could pray for peacefulness or something.  I also feel major regret for being a loser who wasted her life being depressed and suicidal.  I thought things were hopeless before...now they truly are.