Subreddit: depression
Title: i'm 17 and i've been on anti-depressants for 2 years.
Author: Remarkable_Cod9129
Score: 4
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hs8mxg/im_17_and_ive_been_on_antidepressants_for_2_years/

this is mostly a rant, and i know I've stated my age, i dont want anyone to baby or lecture me, i am mature enough to know how this shit works. i just want to know if theirs a light at the end of this miserable tunnel.

i always remember being depressed. i know when people dont really believe it when i say it, but i remember my earliest memories being clouded with this feeling of deep sadness, that i k ew no one else had. it was this feeling of dread and choked back tears that i always felt in my stomach, this disappointing feeling of missing out on a life with no pain.

when i was 13 i started refusing to go to school and leaving early most day, i would severe panic attacks, that left me unable to breathe, or throwing up. i remember getting a panic attack at home once, and it was so bad my mam thought i was having some sort of asthma attack and rushed me to the ER where they informed us i was experiencing a severe panic attack and had to stay overnight incase i had another one or went home and hurt myself.


i was 15 i started sleeping for upwards of 17 hours a night, my mam thought i was really sick and took to me the doctor. after many appointments with many different doctors, i was referred to a psychiatrist, who had one look at my family history and gave me 25mg of Prozac. in my country, seeing a mental health specialist is rare, let alone getting a prescription and a diagnosis. this was also the age i started self harming.

i've been in anti depressants since then and i've changed prescriptions a couple times since then, now im on 20mg of lexepro and 50mg if seroquel, but honestly i still feel completely despondent.

i know many of you might relate to the feeling, but i feel like i'm just walking through life and not experiencing anything, i hate everything i see. i wake up with no desire to keep living, but no will to do anything about it. i cry 3 times a day and can only stay clean for about 2 weeks and i dont think things will ever change. theirs a dark cloud over me obstructing everything but i cant get rid off it. i've tried many forms of self harm, their only sedative that i find works, i had bulimia for all of 2023 and didn't tell anyone. now i just cut but i cant bare to look at my scars.

it sucks that i have all this support, my mam, my social worker, my psychiatrist, my friends, my therapist. but i honestly dont feel understanding from any of them, especially my friends.

how in the total fuck do i pull myself put of this absolutely disgusting miserable fucking feeling. i barely get dressed anymore, i dont go to school, i smoke a pack a day. i hate myself and i hate my life. i have no purpose i just feel so gross, and sad. i feel so fucking sad, how does one experience joy. or excitement or anything. please give me hope i have absolutely none. to be fair ive never not felt like this so why would it stop now.