Subreddit: depression
Title: I have the worst life literally ever 
Author: Yumidolly
Score: 139
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hupwm8/i_have_the_worst_life_literally_ever/

When i (f16) was little i was sexually abused from the ages of 5-13 by my nonbiological fathers friends who he pimped me out to, my biological father who lives in south korea wanted nothing to do with me when i was born and i’ve never met him. my nonbiological father was an alcoholic who found my mother in japan when she was 14 and he was 20, he would abuse her with me and my siblings in the house and then he’d turn on us, we got punished even if we ate something and it wasn’t dinner time and those punishments would be beatings either with a whole glass bottle or the cord of a kettle. During this time my mother goes into psychosis and leaves home for like 4 months without telling anyone and then she left my nonbiological father. 

At school i was physically bullied for being asian and having autism and then in secondary school i was sexually harassed for being asian i then dropped out of school because of this and im still not in any form of education. My boyfriend told me he doesn’t care if i lived or died and he’s hospitalised me over 8 times, before him i’d talk to guys twice my age for some kinda comfort but they all wanted pics from me in the end. 

We don’t have much money and my mother struggles to find somewhere stable to work so my grandma usually cooks me dinner every night, i have barely any clothes and the ones i do have i’ve been wearing for a good 10 years. I feel childish, i wear mezzo piano still at my big age, i collect sylvanian families, anything miffy or fnaf or plushies and i still suck my thumb at night, i feel so behind compared to other girls my age who are out partying with their big friend groups and im still at home playing with dolls. When i left school i lost all my friends, like ALL of them. 

I sit at home 24/7 and only leave the house with my grandma which makes me feel even more behind because other people my age are out with friends or by themselves. I don’t have anyone to talk to because my boyfriend cares more about video games than anything else and my mother makes me feel embarrassed when i try and talk to her, she also tells my grandma who tells everyone else that she knows so i can’t trust anyone. I think i was a mistake, like fully, i feel like i’ve been put on earth to suffer. i’m now diagnosed with anorexia, ocd, autism, ptsd and im waiting for my results on a bpd diagnosis too. I have no idea what to do anymore 