Subreddit: depression
Title: Thinking my father has depression, and do not know how to help
Author: Wild-Information2752
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hu0g5s/thinking_my_father_has_depression_and_do_not_know/

This is my first time posting. I just told my father I think he is struggling with depression, he did not take it well and ended the phone conversation. I live in a different country than him and this is our only line of communication. I was not planning to say this to him, it just came up in the conversation. And I believe I was coming from a sincere place of caring, but I am not sure if what I did was the best choice on my part, or how I should follow up. I started drafting a letter, then came here instead. I am not sure what to do, and would like some input before I interact with my father again. I do not want to make things worse for him, and would like to avoid confrontation if possible. 

My father and I have had variations of the same conversation for years now. Regardless of where the conversation begins, he redirects it towards his grand narrative that the world is a terrible place, and that people on any more than an individual level are inherently flawed. I have tried to point out that he tends to take a negative perspective on things, and that there are other more constructive ways to view things.. this is met with him digging his heels in and stating that it is a fact which he has done research on. He gets quite defensive and does not want to listen. He asks for proof contrary to his stance, and interrupts any example given before I have completed my thought and dismisses it.  I am aware that this alone reads as a generalization, but this pattern of interaction has happened several times, and I am attempting to summarize. I am also aware that I have a biased perception of our interactions and that I may be misinterpreting the situation. When we had this same conversation today, and he asked me to name proof that the world isn't a terrible place, I replied that that is his narrative. He replied that I always say that. I said that I think he suffers from depression. He stated that he felt judged and ended the conversation. I did not apologize or reply and the conversation ended. 

Over the years, my father has told me several details of his childhood and past experiences that lead me to think he is depressed. He has had insomnia for years, is plagued with night terrors, had an alcoholic father, and a mother who I think from his description also struggled with depression. I do not know her as she committed suicide when I was a baby. These and other details he has told me bit by bit over the years. When he shares, I try to listen. But I am not a psychologist, and feel ill-equipped to help him. I have tried indirectly discussing mental health issues with him and talking about friends who have gotten support. He is not open to the idea. 

I do not think I should confirm his negative world view as I do not want to affirm his stance believing that this is not helpful. I do not know what to do. Should I apologize? Should I double down and ask him to get help? Should I write him a letter explaining why I think he has some depression issues he needs to get help with?

I love my father, and I am the one he confides in. He is in an unhealthy marriage, his third. So it feels like I really am the only one he has. Some constructive suggestions would be greatly appreciated. If I am doing something wrong, or need to change my approach. I am totally willing to do so.   Sorry this is such a long post.

