Subreddit: depression
Title: I don't feel like I deserve therapy, and I feel lost.
Author: Only_MTaha
Score: 4
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hv6of6/i_dont_feel_like_i_deserve_therapy_and_i_feel_lost/

I am 18, I've been struggling with mental health for a while now and still find it complicated at times. To avoid dragging the post for too long, I have been sexually abused for about 4 years from around age 9 to about 14. I was fairly introverted, the only friend I had was a cousin of mine, who ended up raping me and abusing me sexually and psychologically throughout my childhood and for a major part of my teenage years. I didn't have much support, my mother was mostly abusive, and my father worked a lot, he tried his best to be there which am grateful for, but ultimately wasn't there enough back when I needed it. 

I have only really started making healthy relationships in my life recently, most others were very sex oriented. I used to lie about my age and get involved with older men, or sometimes just straight up saying my age cause I knew it would attract attention. I used sex, porn, and other things like these to cope with my problems, which eventually made it worse because I had next to 0 healthy relationships and had to deal with the guilt that came with it due to religion.

I ain't straight, and now that I have also lost faith living in a country filled with religious people who scrutinize nearly everything you say that's slightly out of line is tiring, I feel like am failing my family, and when I look at how my life is going, I also feel like am failing myself. Things ended up with SH and other nasty things as such. I engaged in many bad things growing up and helped the wrong people get what they wanted and it eats me from the inside nearly every day, I still feel like I don't deserve it most of the time. 

I finally decided to get help, found a therapist, and might start sessions soon. But a part of me feels like all this ain't real, I see the scars on my arms, I know I feel numb a lot of the time, and I know I have to keep myself in check because of how easily it could get for me to just sh or worse. But a part of me feels like maybe all this is just in my head like, as if I am just seeking attention, or that I got so used to feeling low that I just can't allow myself to get out of it. And it's not like I cannot do anything, I still have the energy to go out, work, and engage, so maybe I am doing fine and just for some reason gaslighting myself into thinking am doing badly. I am also scared, most of the things I am now, the decisions I made, and the "good" things about me are a direct result of all the bad I dealt with. What if I healed and ended up becoming something bad? And the truth is, with all the crap I have done, I don't even know if I deserve to feel better. Then again am not even sure I am doing badly to "feel better" in the first place.