Subreddit: depression
Title: I miss who I was the year right before college
Author: Prestigious_Annual17
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hrp9or/i_miss_who_i_was_the_year_right_before_college/

Yup, here I am again. Getting diagnosed with clinical depression by my new psychologist for what seems to be the 12th time in my life at the age of 20.

Becoming a young adult and stepping into college was weird for me. I've had an awful childhood and teenage experience in which I would wake up everyday, wishing I was a free young adult who attends college, has friends and parties. Everything is just disappointing in reality.

I won't say I'm exactly NOSTALGIC because highschool was horseshit. But honestly I miss the version of myself I was in 2022. Ironically, it's the year I tried to take my own life in January. Throughout the rest of that year, I actually had a few friends who would send me DMs, ask about how my day was etc.... 

I miss being this 17yo who could enjoy his life simply listening to music. I miss watching Euphoria and feeling like I was such a rebel for getting on Grindr, thinking I was the gay male version of Kat. Funny because this year I've lost about 30 lbs. I could care less about eating. I've become objectively more attractive with a better fashion sense but I feel like a pretty shelter that is empty inside (how edgy, I feel 14 writing this)

This last month of December I've been either blocked or left on read by basically every person I've ever tried to contact. And I see you coming. No, I'm not a toxic person and it's not my fault everyone is deleting me from their lives.

What pisses me off so much is that nobody ever sits their ass down to talk about their feelings with me, ever. Everybody is rushing somewhere in order to do something. My closest highschool friend has turned into this unrecognizable Insta girl who visits country after country. She would roll her eyes at everything I say and softly make me understand that I no longer do it for her. 

I miss when we would be outside at 3AM, drinking the wine she'd stolen from the supermarket and she would rest her head on my shoulder in the dark at the park down our houses. Since we lived in the same neighbourhood and you know, she's now in India for her Erasmus+. I can't wait for when she comes back and we pretend not to see each other at the bus stop. I probably never was her closest friend despite her being mine.

So here I am, a college student all alone trying to make things enjoyable. I keep waiting for the day I graduate and I'm only in my first year. Just like in highschool. What a disgusting life. The day I find my first job, I will then start complaining that adult life is cold and lonely. I'm exhausted.



