Subreddit: depression
Title: Depressed
Author: Inner_Mistake_3568
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1huhzfm/depressed/

I feel like I had a lot of promise in my life, people around me expected me to do great things, people think Im good looking, people say I’m smart, but I guess I’m only human, and I feel like I might give it my best try but I still don’t succeed.  I have a ton of faults that I have never gotten past that always weigh me down.  Like depression for I guess.  Just so ready for a change in a positive direction for once.  Wish I could get a break. 

Broke up with my girl and it just seems like ya, even on a “good job,” with a “good income,” I’m kinda fucked on my own.  Shes fucking off to cali I guess, live out her dreams, goodbye I guess, yep I’ll never see this person again I’ve spent 3 years living with… and I gotta find another place.  I’m in a good role at a good company, which it’s actually given me a lot of pride in myself cause I’ve learned a lot, I actually enjoy it, but I only make 19$ a hour… so if I’m following any sort of budget rule I only can afford a 800$ studio or room share, and tbh the room sharing I don’t see working out.  
People expect a lot out of u for requesting a room, and it seems like a lot of people are unreasonable.  One guy wanted to run my credit which I was okay with but wanted 30$ for it, nah I can’t do that, sounds scammy.  

Awaiting on this job interview at a new company using the skills I picked up at college, but honestly, I don’t wanna leave my current job, even if it’s bad, because I’m used to it, and I’ve made friends here, I’ve become a leader among my peers, if only they would just promote me or pay me more?  I know that’s a foreign concept though to people.  I just feel like I would be abandoning people if I left, but I also feel like if I don’t leave I’ll get left behind. 

Then I have to worry about college.  O fucking god college.  Like holy fuck so tired of dealing with these fucking low level office workers “ahem” I mean college advisors, my bad bro, my bad.  I like to call them that because they usually aren’t helpful, and actually idk what they really do, I had to transfer and it’s been a nightmare getting accurate information.  Idk if I’ll start next semester or not, just wanna complete my simple dummy associates degree so I can move on, finally. 