Subreddit: depression
Title: Advice for 25M anything would be fine at this point..
Author: Alkiaz
Score: 1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hsjuts/advice_for_25m_anything_would_be_fine_at_this/

So uhh, to anyone reading this, thank you for your time and i appreciate any advice that would help me at the present if any is presented. 

I've been running away from work at a new job after resigning from my previous one as the company wouldn't let me come back to work without having a doctor's memo saying i'm mentally fit for work(because I self-harmed and tried to commit suicide during the period i was not allowed back to work) so I left. 

I have so many shit to pay yet so many things on my mind when i left that place thinking "oh, not having to work 8-10days in a row with 1 day off for a month is nice" until the part where I came to feel guilty of all the responsibilities i have to uphold financially. I wanted to end it right there and then but the guilt of leaving those around me who would not have a clue I waa gone made me choose to find a new job. So I did, much better salary, much better environment, with a much longer break but the catch is I chose a job not suited for me as I also have social phobia and the job requires me to interact with people face to face and maybe in a large group of 5 or more sometimes. At first, I believed I would be capable of it as I have experience with it, been putting myself out there to make a change for myself but it was all for naught. I ran away on days I should've been working as scheduled, Have thoughts of suicides with intent and self harm in general. Wanted "OUT" of the workplace/company multiple times but couldn't because it felt like I betrayed the person who interviewed me. Every day was draining both physically and mentally. I could'nt keep up.

Today, I "ran away" again. Even after being transferred to another place, one that is less stressful than the previous one. And informed the team that i am feeling mentally unwell. Well, the manager told me "don't make an excuse for my absence, if you're unwell get a doctor's certifate saying you're unwell and inform the company." I was shaken up and hurt because mental illness seems to be a joke in this new place or maybe it's just him. I don't know, but if he knew I woke up this morning with intent to suicide he might not have said that because I had a razor blade on the left side of my neck going over in my head "get up, go to work, you need it, otherwise DO IT and just other people find out." 

I am at a loss of how I should move on...I can't keep up with life, I can't hold a job and I definitely can't even process how much further I have to live like this...I want to get out of this I really want to escape this prison of mine..


Edit: I expected it to come soon and it did, Just got terminated from the new job...