Subreddit: depression
Title: Spiraling is terrifying
Author: Fel_into
Score: 0
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hrpjnv/spiraling_is_terrifying/

I mean I've spiraled more times than I can count. I mean fuck if you go and look at previous posts I have here it's easy to see why. But normally it's over the course of a hour to a few but no not this time... it was instant. I'm sitting here at work just doom scrolling (youtube shorts) and watching cameras and I see a short talking about someone building a future for themselves and my first thought and what I mumbled out loud without even realizing I was doing it at first was "how I wish I could have that, how I wish I got to have a future." And within seconds not even minutes tears are rolling down my face as I think about my plan to off myself, how sorry I am to everyone I've ever met, how I just want those I care about to live good happy life's and how sorry I am for not being able to be part of that happiness, how I only hinder it. It was like I said terrifying. I've never spiraled that quickly before. I lost the small amount of control I have over my own mind and feelings... and I just... idk I'm not even really sure why i'm posting this. I just.. I don't have a comfort person y'know. I don't have someone I know I can go to so this... this is the best I can do.

Edit: of course 170+ ppl would look at this and not care. Of course because the only posts that get looked at in this fucking sub are ppl that are already too far gone to save. Ppl that say things like I'm doing it tonight or by the time you are reading this I'm already gone. So when someone that just genuinely needs someone to even show a little bit of compassion to them... you ignore them... because like so many people in this world... you are terrible.. you are sick filthy people. The reason you sick fucks comment on posts of people that are clearly only looking for attention or have already killed themselves is so that you can feel better about yourself. So you can say hey I did something good, I said some nice things to someone... but not me... like at every single turn in my life I am alone... and Idk why I am. Idk why I've never gotten some basic fucking level of compassion idk why I get ignored when I reach out for ANYONE.. but that's just how it goes... see I always thought I was evil.. I always thought I was fucked up in some way for being born... and I guess I was right... why else would a father beat his son, why else would a aunt rape her nephew, why would a mother tell her flesh and blood she hates him and wished he was dead... because something was wrong with me... because I'm the bad one... because I'm.... I'm the monster 