Subreddit: depression
Title: I wish the world would end 
Author: throwaway_183_92
Score: 8
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1hthtux/i_wish_the_world_would_end/

I am sorry for being to egoistic writing this, but I don't know what to do anymore.

I deeply hate myself and I think about dying everyday. I just didn't kill me yet because I don't want to give the pain of lost to my family. After all this years taking care of me even being a huge disappointmentI can't just leave them here with nothing.

I tried everything to stop making the same mistakes, but I just can't stop myself to be a shitty and horrible person to myself and my family. I bring sadness to my family, always

I try to get them happy, I try to make everything fine to them, but it doesn't matter because I'm not healthy, I am not happy and they see that. With my OCD I can't even hug my family, I can't go out whenever I want because I fear a lot of things. I stay away from them, I make everything boring and stressful. 

Sometimes I'm stressed because all the time I'm washing my hands, or ruminating or even stressed by my choices. I have addiction to porn and I don't know how to quit it, because doesn't matter how much time I am away from this shit I still fall back, and I hate myself even more for that. 

My thoughts are always against me, I have to distract me all the time, always because they're horrendous and stressful amd annoying.

I thought this year would be different, I hate all this hope that makes everything worse, because nothing is changing. 5 years in this situation, and what more? 10, 15 years living like this? Everything in my life happens to make everything worse, bad coincidences that makes me even more miserable. 

I don't feel any change coming, I just see a void, a circle, a cycle of emptiness and suffering that I can't escape. Then hope comes in, I feel like I can and then I'm in the darkness again, stuck in my mind, thinking about how dosgusting I am, and being sad that my family got a sick, disgusting son.

I can't be in my room anymore without wanting to burn everything. 

And I ask out loud what I did to deserve such a miserable life.

I can't talk to anyone things like this, people I know don't really care and I can't talk this to my family because it would be horrible, my mom would be so sad.

I wish she could know that I love hrr that I tried  over and over again.

I don't know what more to say, what more I have to do, I just wanted to not wake up tomorrow and stop existing stuck in this awful body and horrendous mind.

Please give me anything,  I have nothing else that I can think to stop all this. It's all just a void